# CoSAI TSC Meeting 

## 21 October 2025

**Present:** Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro),  J.R. Rao (IBM), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Jason Garman (Amazon â€“ joined 15 min. in ) 

**Regrets:**  
Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Dan Mellen (EY), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAIMichael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google),  Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Tim Burress (GenLab)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Christina Freeman (WS3 co-lead), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead), David LaBianca (PGB co-chair), Zeal Somani (joined 15 min. in), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead) 

*Quorum: 16 TSC members, 9 needed for quorum,* 

### Summary

* **WS2 Incident Response Paper Progress**   
  * J.R. congratulated Josiah and Vinay and the WS2 team on the Incident  Response paper receiving a full majority vote last week, indicating its progression to the PGB. Claudia confirmed that a call for consensus of the PGB would start on Thursday, with final approval expected early next week. Ingrid mentioned that the marketing committee's blog for the paper had been sent for review, with publication hoped for next week.  
* **WS4 MCP Security Document Restructuring**   
  * Sarah updated the group on the MCP security document, noting that the team is eager to get this paper published. She explained that after receiving feedback from Daniel, the co-chairs decided to restructure the document to release it in smaller chunks due to its broad scope and many disparate elements .They aim to return it to reviewers as quickly as possible, ideally next week.  
  * J.R. asked Sarah about continued engagement with Anthropic for the MCP security paper. Sarah confirmed that Moin from Anthropic has access to the document and has been asked for reviews, though comments have not yet been received. Daniel suggested bringing in another TSC member to expedite the review process, and J.R. offered to help, confirming that Jason and himself would contribute to the review.  
  * J.R. proposed exploring an endorsement similar to IBM's enterprise users guide for agents, where Anthropic verified the document, for the MCP security paper to add credibility. Akila agreed to run this by internal Anthropic contacts if the TSC found it useful, noting that external endorsement typically falls under the TSL panel. The group reached a "lazy consensus" for Akila to pursue this path.  
* **WS2 Shared Responsibility Framework Update**  
  * Josiah reported that the shared responsibility framework paper needs reviewers, as they have asked for volunteers for several weeks without success. J.R. requested volunteers from the TSC, with Jay and Rudy stepping up to review the document. Josiah hopes to receive feedback within the next week to address it in their following Wednesday meeting, aiming for the document to be ready for TSC review around November 5th.  
* **WS4 Agentic Identity Paper Status**   
  * Sarah indicated that the agentic identity paper needs to be released soon and is currently under review by Grant and Raghu, who are seeking further refinement from other teams and companies. Sarah aims to have it published before Thanksgiving or Christmas. David offered to bring in identity experts from Google, and Daniel suggested leveraging their large collaborative network for domain expert input.  
  * Sarah explained the challenge of making the agentic identity paper broader than a single solution, like SPIFFE and SPIRE, as they were trying to move beyond that narrow focus. J.R. recommended engaging key identity players such as CyberArk (via Palo Alto), Microsoft, Google, and IBM for their input to ensure a comprehensive perspective. Akila raised questions about the paper's specific goals, asking if it aims to solve all agent identity problems with SPIFFE and SPIRE or a broader vision.  
  * Akila suggested structuring the agentic identity discussion using a layered concept of identity, similar to level zero, level one, and level two. Level zero would focus on pipeline integrity and attestation of identity sources, level one on control implementation and authorization, and level two on secure pass-through of partial identities to agents. Sarah acknowledged these suggestions and stated they would be taken back to the broader group for consideration, as the paper is currently framed at a higher level.  
* **Improving TSC Understanding of Paper Progress**  
  * David suggested that the TSC needs a better understanding of each paper's problem statement and progress earlier in the process. He emphasized that if TSC chairs have fundamental questions about a paper, it indicates a missed step in communication or understanding between the TSC and workstreams. David proposed that for future papers, the TSC should have a clear understanding of the problem being solved and potentially a "mini artifact" to keep everyone updated.  
* **Virtuous Cycle for Workstream Deliverables**   
  * David proposed a new "virtuous cycle" for workstream deliverables, aiming to go beyond just white papers. The proposal is that new content (white papers) must be encoded in the control mapping (CoSAI RM), which includes external guidance mappings. Additionally, every new white paper should be accompanied by at least one tangible implementation in the real world, such as an OPA Rego policy or a script.  
  * David described the proposed virtuous cycle as a step towards making CoSAI more effective by ensuring that security insights are not only documented but also made actionable through control mappings and tangible implementations Jay further articulated the need for CoSAI to review its original scope, consider scope creep, and assess its evolution as an organization, especially with the potential new workstream on AI-assisted development. Josiah noted that workstreams typically go through "gathering of experts" and "consensus building" phases, often leading to rescoping, and suggested intermediate steps like prompt books for published documents to aid in tooling.  
* **WS2 Zero Trust Paper and Upcoming Deliverables**  
  * Josiah stated that the Zero Trust paper is progressing and aims to integrate with SAFE while defining controls for minimal zero trust maturity in data, identity, and workloads. He anticipates the paper being ready for review in 2-3 weeks, with a goal of closing it out before the Christmas holidays. J.R. outlined the immediate pipeline of deliverables for the next three to four months, including the MCP security document, shared responsibility framework, agentic identity paper, and zero trust paper, all targeted for completion by the end of the year or early 2026\.  
* **Minimizing Governance Overhead for New Workstreams**   
  * David emphasized the need for the TSC to minimize governance overhead for the next year, particularly when launching new workstreams. He suggested evaluating whether a new workstream, like AI-assisted code security, should be spun up as a separate entity or as a sub-workstream under an existing, rebranded umbrella. The aim is to define the quickest path with the smallest amount of overhead for new initiatives, ensuring alignment with existing efforts and a clear reporting structure. J.R. and Akila committed to collaborating on early drafts of proposals for the new workstream structure.  
* **WS1 Update: Signing Maturity Levels**   
  * Matt provided an update on WS1, stating that their primary focus until the end of the year will be polishing content on signing maturity levels. They aim to structure this as a "release two," expanding beyond model signing to cover other applications of attestations and model signatures. Additionally, they have other RFCs in progress, such as the RCP and supply chain security.

### Next Steps and Action Items

* Akila will check internally to see if an endorsement from Anthropic can be used in the MCP security paper.  
* Akila will coordinate with Sarah and Ian on the WS4 papers for identity and MCP security.  
* J.R., Jason and Daniel will review the MCP security paper to expedite its progression.  
* J.R. and Akila will collaborate on drafting a  plan for the new work stream, for feedback from David and Omar.  
* JR & Akila will discuss the plan for the coding security whitepaper offline.  
* David will write a paragraph on the new virtuous cycle direction for the Workstreams

