# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 18 November 2025

**Present:** Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), 

**Regrets:**  
Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Jason Garman (Amazon),   J.R. Rao (IBM), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), David LaBianca (PGB co-chair, Google alternate), Joy Medellin (MC co-chair), Jay White (WS1 co-lead, Microsoft alternate), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead)

*Quorum: 15 TSC members, 8 needed for quorum,* 

### Agenda

* Discussion on Model Signing Adoption from CoSAI members (Andre?)  
* Status of current P0 initiatives:   
  * WS1: Maturity Levels of Model Signing  
  * WS2: Shared Responsibility Framework  
  * WS3: COSAI-RM  
  * WS4: MCP Security, Agent Identity  
* Discussion on next initiative:   
  * Topics:   
    * Secure Development of AI-assisted Code (in the context of CodeGuard)  
    * Security of Agent Development Lifecycle  
    * One, both or none?  
  * How to organize: Workstreams or SIGs?  
  * How to elicit participation from key stakeholder companies active in this space including members, Cursor etc  
* Any other business?

### Summary

* **Model Signing Adoption and Tracking**   
  * Andre introduced a discussion on model signing adoption by CoSAI members, emphasizing the challenge of tracking adoption and encouraging model providers to get involved earlier in the process. Andre highlighted that some members, such as Cohere and IBM, are already signing their models, but other CoSAI members are not signing their open-source models.  
  * Matt suggested bringing up adoption tracking in the OpenSSF library for model signing and transparency, because showcasing adoption by major companies like NVIDIA or Google would validate the effort. Josiah  recommended creating a poll for TSC members about their model signing practices and setting a deadline to encourage action, using adoption as evidence of CoSAI's value.  
  * Ian emphasized that the issue is not just signing models, but integrating verification support within the ecosystem, like VLM or Llama, to make verification apparent when models are loaded. Ian also raised the need to show lineage, discussing whether to sign only the bits, or also the input data and the base versus instruct-tuned model.  
  * Andre voiced concern that the group lacks a good way to advertise active work to potentially impacted parties, leading to "late stage surprise" when papers like the maturity models paper are released. David suggested using TSC to surface "calls for action" to the larger community and including planning for these engagement moments in the workstreams' future deliverables.  
* **Proposed Follow-Up for Model Signing**  
  * David proposed that Andre, Matt, and himself should put together a simple follow-up request to the TSC to create a "moment" to highlight model signing adoption, serving as a model for future initiatives. The objective is to push the ecosystem and get more models signed, potentially via a blog post showcasing who is using it.  
  * Andre confirmed the immediate next step would be a quick note to the TSC mailing list announcing the work, stating who it is potentially going to impact, and inviting interested parties to get involved. David supported using TSC and PGB to move the proposal forward.  
* **Discussion on SIGs vs. Workstreams**   
  * David led a discussion, initiated by J.R. in a previous meeting, about what CoSAI should do next, particularly regarding new workstreams and the format of future initiatives. The PGB Executive Steering Committee (ExStC) suggested two proposals with tangible outcomes: accepting the CodeGuard donation from Cisco as a SIG focused on secure coding with AI, and establishing a separate SIG for the agent secure life cycle.  
  * David relayed the strong feeling from the ExStC that the organization is likely maxing out on the number of workstreams due to the difficulty in finding experienced, passionate, and committed people to lead them. The proposed focus would shift to SIGs which have more flexibility and only require TSC approval.  
  * David proposed a more material kickoff for new SIGs, which could involve getting five or six committed people together, hybrid or in-person, for a couple of hours to produce an initial roadmap, plan, or draft deliverable. This approach is intended to accelerate initial traction and deliver tangible results early on.  
* **Need for a TSC Roadmap and Engagement Tracking**   
  * Andre stressed that the TSC needs to set a clear roadmap for workstreams and SIGs, ideally led by the TSC co-chairs, to advertise how people can get involved, especially for SIGs that might not be visible to the community at large. Andre suggested using GitHub features like Projects and Discussions to track active and retired efforts and make priorities visible, referencing the CNCF community as a model.  
  * Ian agreed that a move away from too many white papers towards "actual tangible projects with deliverables" that allow people to iterate with concrete roadmaps is crucial for progress. Shrey and Raghuram supported the idea of focused, concentrated working time, such as a hackathon, as opposed to slight, weekly progress.  
* **Community Summit Proposal**  
  * Andre proposed considering a "community summit" or "unconference format" where people can attend regionally, propose topics, and make very focused progress in small groups. Andre agreed with others that the asynchronous nature of current work makes meaningful, collaborative progress tricky.  
  * Josiah supported the idea of hackathons and creating a guide for new members that includes past projects. He also emphasized the need to consider how deliverables integrate into the CoSAI-RM framework from the outset, rather than trying to shoehorn them in later, and cautioned against making the TSC meeting larger and more complicated by adding too many workstreams.  
  * Raghuram emphasized the need for a reasonable structure in community sessions to ensure productivity and prevent them from becoming too open-ended and unstructured. David agreed on the need for balance, advocating for structure to bring people together while allowing for flexibility and time for participants to explore different avenues in the session.  
  * Josiah proposed holding unconferences at the community level, perhaps with a regular schedule or rotation among different regions, citing its effectiveness in building local communities for groups like OWASP and the Cloud Security Alliance. He noted that current participants represented various locations, including New York Triangle, Austin, Bay Area, and potentially DC, suggesting natural places to choose for a community unconference. David found this idea very helpful and affirmed that the feedback received, including the focus on some initial structure with flexibility, was what they were looking for.  
* **Next Steps and Wrap-up**   
  * David concluded the meeting, acknowledging that they did not cover the entire agenda but found the discussion elements to be beneficial. He committed to following up with J.R. and Akila regarding the feedback and indicated plans to proceed with starting an initiative based on the discussions. 

### Next Steps and Action Items

* Andre will send a note to the TSC mailing list regarding tracking of Model Signing

