# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

# 14 October 2025

**Present:**  Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Jason Garman (Amazon), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google),  J.R. Rao (IBM), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), 

**Regrets:**  
 Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Dan Mellen (EY), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Rudy Lai (Snyk),  Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), David LaBianca (PGB co-chair), Christina Freeman (WS3 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Zeal Somani (WS3 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Joy Medellin (MC co-chair), David LaBianca (Google alternate, PGB chair), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead)

*Quorum: 16 TSC members, 9 needed for quorum,* 

### Agenda

* Workstream updates  
* New Workstream Proposal: AI Assisted Development Security

### Meeting Notes

* **WS4 Update:**  
  * Ian provided an update on the MCP security paper, explaining that access was given to two reviewers for feedback. They reorganized threats into three categories: MCP-specific, MCP-contextualized, and generic, with classifications based on data access control and persona prioritization. Sarah confirmed they were awaiting further feedback from the initial reviewers before wider distribution.  
  * Daniel confirmed he is reviewing the MCP paper and committed to providing marked-up feedback by Wednesday or Thursday of the current week. Ian and Sarah acknowledged Danielâ€™s feedback would be valuable. J.R. suggested aiming for the beginning of the next week to bring the MCP security paper forward to the TSC for review.  
  * Ian also updated the group on the Agentic Identity paper and reported that Grant reorganized it based on initial feedback. They plan to review these changes by Thursday to ensure all suggestions were incorporated and to expedite the paper's turnaround.  
* **WS3 Update**  
  * Zeal shared updates from WS3, stating that team members were asked to prioritize issues for the coming weeks or quarter, with early feedback indicating a desire for work on threat modeling and an open-source tool to operationalize the SAIF assessment.   
  * J.R. inquired about Workstream 3's attendance and critical mass. Omar suggested tracking attendance trends and improving outreach to encourage participation, emphasizing the need to communicate prioritized work items and deliverables.  
  * Zeal noted that issues were present in two repositories: the main WS3 AI risk governance repository and the CoSAI secure AI tooling repository, where suggestions for open-source tools were being gathered. Omar confirmed the importance of reviewing pull request number 66 under the secure AI tooling repository, asking for more input.  
  * David proposed that WS3 should have sub-workstreams to allow the current leads to focus on larger efforts. He emphasized the need for more engagement from WS4 on agent controls to expedite a vote on that piece.  
  * Josiah suggested forming a special interest group (SIG) within WS3 to synthesize information and coordinate technical aspects across all workstreams. David supported this idea, highlighting the need to focus on data, content, and integrating findings from different workstreams to facilitate implementation.  
* **WS2 Updates**  
  * Josiah Hagen reported that the incident response (IR) paper was awaiting votes and was ready for publication. He noted that the [shared responsibility model document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RhLM_CGkklKjwGTWq9GIHAj_ZLenjRoqoiYFnHpzsUo/edit?tab=t.opy1j9cqeoqh) received feedback suggesting a better connection between its two main sections: shared responsibility and decomposing governance .  
  * Josiah mentioned that Marina provided detailed feedback on the shared responsibility model, and the authors also presented the work to the AI Alliance. He anticipated another two to three weeks for completion after initial feedback, and discussed rotating shared responsibility efforts to WS3 long-term, while continuing incident response toward telemetry and zero trust publications.  
* **WS1 Update**  
  * Matt explained that WS1 faced disagreement regarding a proposed RFC on standardizing model vulnerabilities, with internal debate on whether to create a new characterization or work with existing CWE/CVE bodies. He noted the effort has become more extensive and contentious than initially expected, seeking cross-workstream collaboration and external feedback.  
  * David raised the issue of exploits stealing models or prompts from devices/servers, asking if it was within WS1's scope. Andre recalled discussing it in the context of distillation but noted it hadn't been a primary focus or an area of interest for the group.  
  * J.R. suggested that model vulnerabilities could be part of security metadata that accompanies models, such as model cards or fact sheets, and questioned how to achieve convergence given lukewarm reception and existing proposals. Andre clarified that the paper aims to standardize language for vulnerabilities, creating a common CoSAI standard for naming and criteria rather than defining workflows or required functionality. Daniel emphasized getting broader feedback on the methodology proposed..  
  * Josiah mentioned that Yisroel Mirsky from Ben-Gurion University had previously extended CWEs and NIST concepts to AI, and was planning to publish AI CAPEC soon. Andre suggested a live discussion with the MITRE team working on AI CAPEC to avoid redundant efforts and potentially collaborate on a joint paper.  
  * Matt confirmed that content related to different levels of signing maturity and incorporating attestations into model artifacts was removed from the initial model signing paper due to length, with plans for a phased release. This continued work could integrate with model card efforts, providing a clear path for deeper, more advanced technical contributions.  
* **New Workstream Proposal:** 	**AI Assisted Development Security**   
  * J.R. announced plans to kick off a fifth workstream on "AI assisted development security," which was a top priority in year two planning. The scope is expected to differ from traditional white papers, focusing on practical deliverables like best practices, plugins, or agentic frameworks for developing secure AI code.  
  * Daniel emphasized the importance of delivering tangible outputs like code, tools, or scripts that directly help users solve problems faster, rather than just documents. David supported this, advocating for an expansive view of deliverables that accelerate implementation and outcomes for users, including configurations for existing tools. Daniel highlighted the need to assist small to medium-sized organizations that lack institutional knowledge.  
  * J.R. expressed interest in how the new workstream on AI assisted development security would intersect with WS1's efforts on AI supply chain security. Matt believed the new work could align with the existing narrative and body of work from WS1.  
  * Andre suggested that the effective organization of WS4 with "subleads" could be adopted by other workstreams to manage potential project overhead from new initiatives). J.R. agreed to define the content of the new workstream first, then address the organizational aspects with guidance from David and Omar.

### Action Items and next steps

* Daniel will send a marked-up document with his review of the MCP paper to Ian and Sarah by Wednesday or Thursday.

