# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 28 October 2025

**Present:**  Jason Garman (Amazon), Andre Elizondo (Wiz) ,J.R. Rao (IBM), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer, left 30 min in), Rudy Lai (Snyk â€“ joined 15 min. in), Matt Maloney (Cohere \- joined 30 min. in),

**Regrets:**  
Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google),  Raghuram Yeluri (Intel),  Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), David LaBianca (PGB co-chair, Google alternate), Ian Molloy (WS4 lead), Sarah Novotny (WS4 lead), Jay White (WS1 lead, Microsoft alternate), Zeal Somani (WS3 lead, joined 30 min. in)

*Quorum: 15 TSC members, 9 needed for quorum* 

### Meeting Notes

* **Meeting Schedule and Attendance Rules**  
  * J.R. initiated the meeting by discussing a scheduling conflict for Akila and the need to find an alternative meeting time. David suggested alternating times to accommodate different time zones.  
  * Claudia then informed the group about changes to governance rules, specifically highlighting a streamlined approval process for deliverables by concurrent TSC and PGB review and the enforcement of attendance rules for the TSC. The attendance rules specify that if a primary or alternate representative misses two consecutive meetings, they will lose their voting rights, though these rights can be easily regained. This measure aims to facilitate quorum and expedite voting processes.  
* **WS4 MCP Security Paper Progress**   
  * J.R.  inquired about the progress of the MCP security paper, emphasizing its importance. Ian reported challenges with getting full reviews due to the paper's length and difficulty in determining whether minor edits or major restructuring are needed. David volunteered to provide a full review to identify the necessary changes.  
  * Ian clarified that while small comments are being addressed iteratively, the main hesitation is determining if a massive rewrite is necessary. J.R. suggested that they work towards a cleaner, more concise version of the paper, aiming for 10-15 pages, and requested that all input be incorporated to get the paper out by the end of the week. Andre suggested assigning dedicated editors for final output, as was successful with WS1's landscape paper.  
* **WS2 Shared Responsibility Model Paper Review and Zero Trust paper**  
  * Josiah provided an update on the shared responsibility model paper, noting that it still needs more review despite some comments. Rudy confirmed he is working on his comments and aims to submit them by the next meeting. David also offered to review the paper.  
  * Josiah  also reported that the Zero Trust paper is progressing, though it needs dedicated writing time to pull it together.   
* **WS1 Model Signing and Attestation**  
  *  Andre stated they are drafting an outline for the second iteration of the Model Signing paper, focusing on the next phase of the maturity curve. The goal is to complete this draft this week and hopefully finish the paper by the end of the year, despite holiday challenges.  
* **WS3 CoSAI-RM**   
  * David provided an update on the kickoff meetings for the CoSAI-RM SIG. The main focus is to develop an initial version of personas beyond the two existing in CoSAI-RM and to add more metadata, such as life cycle stage applicability, to controls and risks to better target users. A weekly 30-minute meeting for the SIG has been established.  
  * David elaborated on a proposal to integrate workstream content into CoSAI-RM, moving beyond white papers to actionable control mappings and materializing policies, configurations, or tools. The intent is for new papers to automatically publish updates to CoSAI-RM and ideally materialize at least one actionable output, providing feedback for future work.  
  * David also clarified that the controls in CoSAI-RM are currently at the level of "control objectives" rather than specific implementations, aiming to be broadly applicable. He provided examples of controls like input and output validation, explaining how they apply to various components. David also highlighted the need for additional metadata, such as mappings to external guidance, life cycle stage applicability, and impact types for risks, to enhance the controls' validity and usability.  
* **Future of CoSAI-RM: Implementation Spectrum**   
  * Ian inquired about the enforceability and integration of CoSAI-RM controls with other software. David acknowledged the challenge of moving to implementation-level details, suggesting that instead of prescribing exact methods, CoSAI-RM could point to various control implementation opportunities, offering flexibility.   
* **Discussion on proposed New Workstream for AI Assisted Security**  
  *  J.R. introduced a discussion on a potential new workstream for AI Assisted Security, specifically for AI assisted code development. He sought input on whether this should cover security for AI assisted code or a broader "security for the agent development life cycle" (ADLC) and if these are separate or integrated workstreams.  
  * Andre suggested separating the two proposed areas into distinct workstreams due to their different target personas and workflows. He explained that AI-assisted code generation targets normal developers using AI coding assistance, while the development of agents and their supply chain security are more aligned with current WS1 efforts. Andre clarified that WS1 focuses on the supply chain aspect for agents, but a broader ADLC security would require a new, separate workstream.  
  * Zeal inquired about the prioritization of the two proposed areas, acknowledging their timeliness given current AI trends. J.R. stated that due to bandwidth limitations, the group might only be able to start one new workstream. He suggested that existing workstreams could broaden their scope to include agents, with a new workstream focusing on security for AI-assisted code development.  
  *  Jay proposed starting a new workstream with a SIG underneath it to bridge between workstreams, especially concerning AI-assisted coding and SDLC for agents. This structure would ensure cross-pollination while maintaining the original scope of CoSAI and preventing scope creep, particularly regarding AI for security and privacy.  
* New Meeting Time Considerations  
  * J.R. sought input on alternative meeting times. David cautioned against Monday or Friday meetings, as they make it difficult for participants in certain time zones, particularly European ones, to attend. J.R.agreed to explore Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday options, avoiding conflicts with existing workstream meetings.

### Next Steps and Action Items

* David will provide a full review of the MCP security paper by the end of the day and also review the shared responsibility model paper.  
* Rudy will submit a few more comments for the shared responsibility model paper by the next meeting.  
* J.R. will reach out to Akila to determine alternative meeting times that work for her and create a Doodle poll for other TSC members to select a new, alternating meeting time.  
* Claudia will send an optional invite for the CoSAI-RM SIG meetings  to the TSC.

