# CoSAI TSC Meeting

## 2 December 2025

**Present:** Andre Elizondo (Wiz), J.R. Rao (IBM), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA),  Jason Garman (Amazon), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Parthy Chandrasekaran (Trend Micro; joined 15 min. in)

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), David Girard (Trend Micro), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer),, Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), , Peng Ning (Google), Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Josiah Hagen (WS2 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead / Microsoft alternate), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead / Cisco alternate), Asmae Mhassni (Intel alternate), David LaBianca (Google alternate, PGB co-chair), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Lane Wigglesworth (Trend Micro MC alternate)

*Quorum: 15 TSC members, 13 eligible to vote, 7 needed for quorum*

### Agenda

* Status of P0 papers: MCP Security and Agent Identity   
* Launch of new SIG  
* CoSAI White Paper format for consumption (Ian)  
* December meeting schedule   
* AOB

### Meeting Summary

* **Introduction of New TSC Member**  
  * Parthy Chandrasekaran from Trend Micro was introduced as a new TSC member. He leads a research team focused on AI and vulnerability.  
* **WS4 MCP Security White Paper Review and Upcoming Vote**  
  * Ian provided an update on the MCP Security paper, the [draft available on GitHub](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/ws4-secure-design-agentic-systems/blob/mcp/model-context-protocol-security.md) and that it is ready for TSC and PGB review and vote. The only remaining outstanding issue is finalizing the definitive list of contributors due to difficulties tracking contributions in the original Google Doc. Claudia will send emails to the PGB and TSC lists starting the official five-day review period after the meeting, aiming for a full majority TSC vote starting Monday, December 8\.  
  * Claudia explained that the review period is five days for both the PGB and TSC, and the full majority TSC vote could start the following Monday and potentially close by Wednesday if people vote in time. If the PGB call for consensus starts on Thursday, she suggested that the process could be completed by the following Monday, December 15th. David raised a concern about achieving consensus during the holiday period given the timing and the need for PGB review as well.  
  * Ingrid inquired about the strategic timing for PR around the publication, suggesting waiting until the new year due to low visibility during the holidays. David strongly recommended against trying for press coverage in December, suggesting any blog posts, marketing, or LinkedIn pushes should wait until January, even though the paper should be made official as soon as the votes are complete. Akila suggested individual TSC members and WS4 participants could still post about the white paper on platforms like LinkedIn in December to leverage personal connections and reading habits. Marketing  will post a blog to the CoSAI website and share it with CoSAI members in December, with a plan for a bigger push in January.  
* **WS4 Agent Identity Paper Update**  
  * Ian reported on the agent identity paper, mentioning that Grant is working on a proposed new outline to create a single voice narrative. The goal is to have a first draft in about two weeks and hopefully bring it for a vote by the end of the year.   
* **White Paper Formatting and Discoverability**  
  * Ian raised the issue of white paper presentation, noting that other organizations use visually attractive, well-formatted PDFs that are easier for broad consumption compared to markdown files, and questioned if markdown is the best model for broad consumption. Claudia mentioned that CoSAI has a marketing budget and having someone create a coherent design for downloadable PDFs could be discussed at the PGB meeting, which could also help track downloads. Daniel agreed that a PDF format is more consumable for many audiences and advocated for an approach with different formats for different audiences, also suggesting considering a strategy for AI agent consumption. David supported the discussion for the PGB, emphasizing that maintaining markdown for original creation simplifies pathways to other formats, including machine-readable formats and PDFs, advocating for a "one-and-done" automated conversion process, possibly using GitHub Actions.  
* **New SIG for Agentic Coding Security**  
  * Akila initiated discussion on the SIG for agentic coding security, focusing on making it lightweight and successful by attracting volunteers from companies who are actively building AI coding systems. Claudia reminded the group that any new SIG must be nested under an existing workstream for organizational hierarchy and approval. David proposed adding the SIG to the scope of WS3 to balance the workload across the four existing workstreams, suggesting a TSC vote to modify WS3's mandate. David offered to help bootstrap the SIG and emphasized that the key challenge is finding the right people to run it.  
  * Akila asked for guidance on good success metrics and first deliverable for the SIG, questioning if documentation or a tangible work product like SAST rules or prototypes would be more beneficial. David suggested the TSC should be opinionated on the first deliverable, its audience, and give a clear outer bound for scope, proposing that the first deliverable should be tangible and perhaps build on the incoming Cisco donation. Andre, Parthy and Ian supported the idea of concrete references and actionable deliverables that address primary concerns, like security risks from "vibe coding".   
  * Daniel suggested that vendor evaluation, including questions to ask tool vendors about capabilities and risk management, is an area that might be underrepresented, potentially connecting to data rights controls. Jay and Jason suggested deferring the detailed discussions on scope, deliverables, and vendor risk to the SIG, focusing on spinning it up.  
* **TSC Meeting Schedule for December**  
  * Akila proposed having TSC meetings for the next two weeks (December 9th and 16th) and then canceling the remainder of the meetings until January. David suggested that December 9th should be the last formal meeting of the year, with the 16th potentially being a working session, due to increasing vacation time after the PGB meeting on the 8th. The consensus was to have a meeting the following week and cancel the rest of  December meetings.

### Next Steps and Action Items

* Claudia will send out the email after this meeting to start the five-day review period for the MCP security white paper, asking the TSC for the full majority vote Monday, December 8\.  
* Ian, Sarah and David will brainstorm how to get the MCP security white paper included into CoSAI-RM as a separate element.  
* David and Daniel will prepare a conversation around the funds needed for the design and layout of the white papers for the PGB.

