# CoSAI TSC Meeting Minutes

## Date: 04 March 2025

**Present:** 
Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer),  Sean Lee (Intel), Matt Saner (Amazon), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro),  Joshua Chou (PayPal),  J.R. Rao (IBM), Matt Maloney (Cohere),  Omar Santos (Cisco), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI for 15 minutes or so), 

**Regrets:**
Dan Mellen (EY) , Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft),  Peng Ning (Google), Sarah Novotny (GenLab),  Sean Morgan (Protect AI)

**Guests:**
Claudia Rauch (OASIS),  Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Jim Cabral (OASIS), David LaBianca (Google), Lauren Clark (WS3 lead), Juliana Ball (Marketing Committee Co-chair), Asmae Mhassni (Intel), Jay White (Microsoft)

## Summary

This was a milestone meeting for the CoSAI Technical Steering Committee (TSC) to review landscape papers from three workstreams and determine readiness for formal voting and release. Key points discussed:

* Workstream 1 (Supply Chain Security for AI Systems) presented their paper, which covers model generation, integration and consumption. The paper is considered ready for TSC review.
* Workstream 2 (Preparing Defenders for a Changing Cybersecurity Landscape) presented their paper, which surveys existing defender frameworks and identifies gaps. Some suggestions were made to improve the executive summary and future work sections.
* Workstream 3 (AI Security Risk Governance) did not have time to present, will be covered in the next meeting.
* There was discussion about standardizing terminology, lifecycle models, and presentation across the workstreams' papers.
* The group discussed the process for reviewing, approving and updating the papers as "living documents."
* Plans were made to assign TSC reviewers to each paper before formal voting.

## Action Items
* David and Omar to review Workstream 1 paper within the next week
* Workstream 2 to incorporate feedback and update their paper before next meeting
* Workstream 3 to present their paper at the next meeting
* TSC to develop process for ongoing paper updates/versioning
* Consider ways to standardize terminology and frameworks across workstreams
* Plan formal votes on papers in upcoming meetings
* Discuss launching of Workstream 4 at next meeting
