# CoSAI TSC Meeting

## Date: 8 July 2025

**Present:** Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Joshua Chou (PayPal),  J.R. Rao (IBM), Sean Lee (Intel), Peng Ning (Google), Andre Elizondo (Wiz),

**Regrets:**  
Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic),  Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Matt Saner (Amazon), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Sean Morgan (Protect AI),

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Jane Harnad (OASIS), David LaBianca (PGB Co-chair), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Jay White (WS1 co-lead, Microsoft alternate), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Asmae Mhassni (Intel alternate)

*Quorum: 19 TSC members, 10 needed for quorum – 6 present*

## Agenda

* Finalizing Security Principles for Agentic Systems and publishing timeline  
* Google’s donation of SAIF data and expectation  
* Operationalizing P0 priorities and status  
* Any other business?

## Notes

* **Security Principles for Agentic Systems document discussion**  
  * J.R. initiated the discussion on the security principles for agentic systems. Daniel indicated that their previous comments on the principles were not substantive and did not suggest fundamental changes. J.R. shared that the third principle had been moved to the first position to improve the top-down flow, and terms like "shared accountability," "principles," and "risk tolerance" were bolded  
  * Ian brought up a previous discussion point regarding the use of the term "novel," suggesting it might be confusing and proposing its removal or replacement. Ian supported removing the term, mentioning that "advanced" or "emerging" were considered alternatives previously, but the adjective might not be necessary.  
  * David asked Daniel to clarify the distinction between "adopters" and "practitioners" in the context of the document. Daniel explained that "adopters" refer to those who buy and deploy AI systems with little to no AI knowledge, often in vendor management scenarios, while "practitioners" are those actively building or integrating AI elements. David appreciated this clarification, confirming that "adopter" is an addition rather than a subsumption of "practitioner".  
  * Daniel expressed concern about the use of "emergent". He clarified that their intent was to address "unexpected outcomes" rather than "unexpected capabilities," which "emergent" often implies and can be closely correlated with AGI discussions. David suggested a revised phrasing to "minimize risk due to the potential behavior and emerging capabilities of AI systems”.  
  * Jay raised a concern about the definition of "shared model of accountability," noting that "responsible" and "accountable" are distinct concepts. Jay questioned whether accountability can truly be shared, suggesting that the definition seemed to describe a "shared model of responsibility" instead. David acknowledged the gap and agreed to review the language offline to ensure correctness and clarity regarding shared responsibility models falling under shared accountability models.  
  * J.R. relayed two non-contentious comments from policy personnel: one regarding whether "provenance and selection" implicitly covered data in addition to models, and another about whether telemetry included "impact or outputs" in addition to inputs, plans, communications, and actions. David agreed that provenance should include data by definition and indicated that the group would consider adding "outputs or impacts" to the telemetry discussion.  
* **Timeline for Agentic Principles Release**   
  * J.R. stated that a press release for the Year 1 anniversary of CoSAI, including the WS2 landscape paper and agentic principles release is scheduled for July 17th, emphasizing the need to finalize this document quickly. Claudia suggested a two-day review period, opening a call for consensus on Thursday, and closing it by Monday, July 14th, to meet the July 17th release date. Jane confirmed that the press release is set to drop on July 17th and that the MC is ready to coordinate for the blog post and any necessary quotes.  
* **Google's Secure AI Framework (SAIF) Donation**  
  * J.R. initiated a discussion on Google's donation of the Secure AI Framework (SAIF) to CoSAI, emphasizing the need for the TSC to decide on taking ownership of the data. David, representing Google, explained that the proposal involves open-sourcing SAIF's data, primarily as YAML files and schema files, to facilitate community use and modification, with an uplift planned to align it with CoSAI's views. David clarified that if CoSAI does not accept the donation, Google will open-source the data themselves, but believes CoSAI's adoption would be more beneficial for the broader community.  
  * Andre raised concerns about the maintainability of the framework within CoSAI, especially given the lack of engagement in WS3, and questioned if Google maintaining it directly might be more sustainable. J.R. suggested that some responsibilities from the defunct WS3, including the SAIF work, could move to WS2 or be handled by volunteers. Daniel noted that the core issue is efficiency in integrating the framework, as there are no mechanical or legal impediments to CoSAI adopting it.  
  * Claudia clarified that the SAIF donation could happen via a pull request, and that a formal vote is not strictly necessary unless preferred, as maintainers can review and accept it into the "AI Secure Tooling Repository". David, representing Google, expressed a preference for a formal decision (call for consensus or vote) from the TSC, to ensure clear acceptance rather than quiet integration. J.R. acknowledged the lack of quorum in the meeting for a formal vote, suggesting a call for consensus and noting the need to determine ownership and maintenance, potentially through a reimagined WS3 or a small working group.  
* **Workstream Updates on P0 Deliverables**   
  * Andre reported that WS1's paper on model signing is shaping up well, with an initial draft expected by late July or early August, acknowledging that vacations might push the timeline slightly. Jay concurred, stating that a good draft could be ready in a couple of weeks, but reviews and approvals would likely extend into August.  
  * Ian provided an update on WS4's MCP security P0 deliverable, stating that significant edits have been made, and a version is targeted for next Thursday for review. J.R. encouraged quick reviews and requested volunteers to assist with the process, noting that Akila and he would definitely review the papers.  
* **One-Year Anniversary Feedback**   
  * David provided an update from the PGB meeting, highlighting that feedback gathered for the one-year anniversary of CoSAI has been extremely helpful. They confirmed that the feedback, covering areas of success and challenges, will be shared with the PGB and TSC co-leads. David thanked all organizations and individuals who provided input, emphasizing the importance of transparency for group improvement.


## Next Steps and Action Items

* Claudia will open a two-day review period for the agentic principles document after this meeting and a call for consensus on Thursday to be closed by Monday.  
* David will ping Jason offline with the two modifications to the document to ensure he is comfortable with them.  
* J.R. and Jane will coordinate on finding an appropriate person to quote for the agentic principles in the Press Release.  
* J.R. and David will work on the blog post for the agentic principles.

