# CoSAI TSC Meeting Minutes 

## Date: 18 March 2025

**Present:** Omar Santos (Cisco),  J.R. Rao (IBM),  Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  Joshua Chou (PayPal), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft),

**Regrets:** Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA) Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Matt Saner (Amazon), Peng Ning (Google),  Sean Lee (Intel), Sean Morgan (Protect AI)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), David LaBianca (Google), David Kliemann (IBM, WS3 lead), Jay White (Microsoft), Jim Cabral (OASIS), Juliana Ball (Marketing Committee), Vinay Bansal (Cisco)

_Quorum: 18 TSC members, 10 needed for quorum_

## Agenda
* Formalizing Process of Document Review and Release from TSC:  
  * Reviews by two PGB/TSC members (David Labiana, Omar Santos)
  * Final TSC Co-Chair Review (Akila Srinivasan, JR Rao)
  * Professional Editor Review
  * TSC Review and Vote
  * PGB Review and Vote 
  * Briefing for CoSAI Marketing and Public Policy Teams
  * Formal Release date and time
* Review the status of the landscape documents on a per workstream basis for above time line
  * WS1 Landscape Document
  * WS2 Landscape Document
  * WS3 Landscape Document
* Co-leadership of WS3
* Formalizing Process of Next Step Deep Dive Areas for WS1-3
  * Discussion on March 25, 2025 TSC Meeting
* Workstream WS4 and launch:
  * Co-lead discussion
  * (Next-level detail) discussion on scope
* Any other business?

## Summary
* **Document Review and Release Process:**
  * J.R. outlined the document release process, including reviews by workstream co-leads, two TSC/PGB members, a final TSC co-chair review, professional editing, and then TSC and PGB votes. 
* **Document Review Timeline:**
  * Matt asked about the length of the review process. J.R. estimated a few days to a week for reviews and edits, but warned that the multi-step process could easily add two months to the timeline if not managed efficiently.
  * J.R. suggested aiming for two- or three-day turnaround times for each review.
  * Akila emphasized the need for clear timelines and quick feedback loops in the review process, suggesting a distinction between technical reviews and editorial reviews.  
* **Landscape Document Status:** 
  * J.R. reported that workstream 1 leads had incorporated feedback into the first landscape document, and he and Akila were conducting a review.  
  * Akila updated on workstream 2; needed additional reviewers, with David LaBianca and Sarah Novotny volunteering. 
  * WS3: David K. to complete a few edits.
  * The next step is a review by a professional editor; the hiring of a contractor is tbd.
* **Workload Distribution and Editor Selection:**
  * David suggested relieving workstream leads of post-TSC review responsibilities, leaving editing and publishing to the TSC, PGB, and marketing.
  * J.R. agreed and suggested possibly delaying professional editing for the initial release.
* **Subworkstream Prioritization:**
  * J.R. proposed discussing subworkstream prioritization in the next TSC meeting, suggesting a target of one paper per quarter per workstream. 
  * J.R. noted that some workstreams had already conducted internal prioritization efforts. 
  * Josiah emphasized the importance of considering volunteer commitment in prioritization.
* **Workstream Co-lead Changes and Workstream 4:**
  * Akila announced Lauren's departure as a co-lead for Workstream 3 and sought volunteers for the position. 
  * Akila also discussed the need for co-leads for Workstream 4, proposing primary and secondary co-leads to manage workload. She nominated Sarah Novotny and Ian Molloy as primary co-leads and Raghuram Yeluri and Alex Polyakov as secondary co-leads.
    * A motion was made by Akila to approve Sarah and Ian as primary leads and Raghuram and Alex as secondary leads. No objections were registered. The TSC thus approved Sarah and Ian as primary and Raghuram and Alex as secondary co-leads for WS4.
* **LLM Policy:**
  * Akila raised the LLM policy for review, suggesting to send it to the TSC for asynchronous feedback.  
* **RSA Conference:**
  * David provided an update on RSA conference plans, including a booth, content design, papers, panels, and potential networking events. Josiah requested assistance from workstream leads to prepare slides for his and Ianâ€™s RSA presentation.

## Action Items
* David and Sarah will review Workstream 2 and provide feedback within a few days.
* J.R. and Akila will share a document outlining the scope of Workstream 4 with Sarah and Ian.
* Claudia will send the LLM policy document to the TSC for review and comments.

