# CoSAI TSC meeting -- DRAFT

# Date: 23 September 2025

**Present:**  Jason Garman (Amazon), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro),  J.R. Rao (IBM),  Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA),

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY),  Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Matt Maloney (Cohere),  Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Sean Lee (Intel), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), David LaBianca (PGB co-chair), Christina Freeman (WS3 co-lead), Zeal Somani (WS3 co-lead), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 9 needed for quorum, 6 present*

### Meeting Notes

* **New Workstream Prioritization Proposal**  
  *  J.R. initiated a discussion on prioritizing proposed new work for the workstreams. He identified four key proposals: AI code development, agent identity, agent behavior, and an MCP server publishers' guide, noting other proposals like security telemetry and multi-agent security as lower priority. J.R. explained that these new proposals would be treated as "P1 deliverables" following the completion of current "P0 deliverables" such as signing and attestation of models, incident response, and MCP security.  
* **WS2 Integration with New Proposals**  
  * Josiah announced his plan to discuss the new workstream proposals at the bi-weekly WS2 meeting. J.R. affirmed that these discussions aim to achieve consensus and transparency on the next steps, allowing WS2 to bring additional ideas to the table within the next one to two weeks to agree on the next P1 focus.  
* **WS1 P1 Deliverables**   
  * J.R. directed the discussion to WS1, asking Andre to present their issues. Andre highlighted three potential P1 deliverables: an MCP server publisher guide, a continuation of model signing work, and model vulnerability characterization. He noted that the MCP server publisher guide aligns with WS4's focus, while the model signing paper would extend the initial work by defining maturity levels. Andre also mentioned the model vulnerabilities paper, which is almost 60% complete, as a low-hanging fruit to standardize model vulnerability definition beyond CVEs.  
* **Collaboration between WS1 and WS4**  
  * Ian Molloy emphasized the importance of close collaboration between WS1 and WS4 on the MCP server publisher guide, as there is a clear intersection with WS4's ongoing work on a best practices paper derived from their MCP paper. Akila supported this, suggesting a deeper partnership with Anthropic, given WS4's existing efforts on the MCP security white paper, and proposing that the guide could be a living document with iterative updates. Andre agreed, noting the overlap with traditional supply chain principles while also highlighting unique aspects of AI supply chains.  
* **Agentic Software Development and Enterprise Controls**   
  * Daniel concurred with the proposals for the MCP server and model signing extensions. He also raised the pattern of "copilot / yolo mode" where highly autonomous agents operate with user privileges, proposing this as a case study for developing appropriate patterns for safe deployment within enterprise organizations, including necessary enterprise controls and sandbox technologies. Jason echoed this, expressing strong support for the MCP security topic and the need for resources to help customers understand risks associated with autonomous agent development.  
* **WS1 Deliverable Prioritization Discussion**  
  * Akila inquired about the timeline for the MCP server publisher guide, suggesting a draft by the end of the year. Andre stated that a draft might be possible by year-end but would depend on the workstream's commitment, given the upcoming holidays. Akila proposed focusing on one P1 deliverable at a time to maximize impact, advocating for the quickest deliverable to be completed first. J.R. suggested that Andre, Jay, and Matt reflect on the conversation and decide on their P1 candidate, coordinating with Ian and Sarah from WS4 .  
* **Agent Identity as WS4's Next P1 Deliverable**  
  * Akila introduced agent identity as the next critical topic, noting that many attendees voted on it and that it aligns with WS4's existing considerations. She elaborated on the need to address how organizations grant access to agents, considering multi-party authentication and authorization, and leveraging existing technology for context-driven identity solutions. Ian confirmed that WS4 plans to submit their MCP security white paper to the TSC this week, with the agent identity paper following approximately one to two weeks later, solidifying it as their P1 deliverable after MCP security.  
* **Agent Behavior Control and Cross-Workstream Collaboration**  
  * Akila proposed agent behavior control as a new topic, questioning if it should be a separate workstream or a tiger team across several workstreams. She explained that while agent identity addresses authentication and authorization, agent behavior control focuses on ensuring agents do not subvert rules, particularly in sensitive areas like finance, through behavioral sandboxing and resource access management.   
  * Josiah noted WS2's interest in guardrail design, seeing alignment between agentic guardrails and their desire for formal prescription. Akila suggested this work should prioritize implementation-based guidance rather than just documentation, focusing on preventative measures and human-in-the-loop decisions.  
* **Challenges and Accountability in Agent Behavior Control**  
  * Daniel highlighted that the core challenge of agent behavior control lies in aligning the agent's intent with organizational intent, a task made difficult by the unpredictable nature of AI agents compared to humans. J.R. acknowledged that "agents" are now dominating discussions, suggesting that many P1 deliverables might involve collaborations with WS4.   
  * Akila emphasized tracing bot actions back to their human creators for accountability and auditing, proposing a tiger team with members from WS1, 2, and 4 to address this cross-cutting issue. Jason agreed on the importance of alignment and accountability, drawing a parallel to early web system vulnerabilities.  
* **AI Assisted Code Development**  
  * J.R. introduced AI assisted code development as the final topic, noting its broad scope that doesn't neatly fit into existing workstreams. Akila pitched it as a potential future workstream, emphasizing its significance in the industry. She outlined initial focus areas, such as preventing the same bot from writing and reviewing code, and expanding into AI assisted vulnerability discovery, exploitation, and patching. Jason supported the idea, suggesting an outline of terminology and use cases, including offensive, defensive, and structured development tools. Josiah noted that this topic differs from previous work by focusing on securely producing something with AI rather than securing AI systems themselves..  
* **Meeting Conclusion**  
  *  J.R. noted the productive discussion on four key areas that emerged from an initial eight, comparing them with existing issues. He emphasized the need to finalize these decisions quickly, ideally within the next week, as P0 exercises conclude and P1 planning begins. The discussion also included the important aspect of how the team will reorganize or collaborate across existing structures.

### 

