# CoSAI TSC meeting

## 16 September 2025

**Present:**  J.R. Rao (IBM), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro),  Rudy Lai (Snyk), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Peng Ning (Google), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco),

**Regrets:**  
Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Jason Garman (Amazon), Tim Burress (GenLab), Sean Lee (Intel)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), David LaBianca (WS3 co-lead)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 9 needed for quorum,* 

## Agenda

* Discussion of [proposals for Year 2 technical initiatives](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pnuIQQM9WJ8a6mnP0yowsOf5KsYJa967nzT2dhquenw/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.kw5uock0aoin) for CoSAI   
* AOB

## Notes

* **Meeting Logistics and Voting Reminder**   
  * Claudia reminded attendees to vote on the WS1 signing and attestation of models paper, noting that today is the last day and that more votes are needed for a full majority.  J.R. echoed the importance of the vote. He also thanked David for orchestrating the Google SAIF donation and press release.   
* **Incident Response Paper Update**, **WS2**  
  * Vinay provided an update on the incident response paper, mentioning the ongoing work to abstract a 3-4 page executive summary and to incorporate feedback, particularly Davidâ€™s. He revised the target submission date for the TSC review to Monday, September 22nd, to have adequate time to incorporate the fundamental changes. J.R. encouraged them to use the mailing list once the paper is ready for review.  
* **MCP Security and Identity Papers, WS4**  
  * Sarah confirmed that the MCP security paper is expected to be ready for the first round of TSC feedback by Monday or Tuesday of next week, and asked whether to submit it in Markdown or Google Doc format. J.R. stated that either format is acceptable, prioritizing the authors' convenience for integrating comments. Sarah also mentioned a separate identity paper would follow about a week after the main MCP paper.  
* **NIST Conference and Industry Connection**  
  *  J.R. highlighted the ongoing NIST National Cybersecurity Partnership Conference, which is discussing secure software development life cycles and agent identity, particularly concerning AI. He emphasized the importance of CoSAI connecting with NIST to advise them on AI development and agent identity, as well as AI incident response. Sarah inquired about the timeline for NIST to distribute conference charts, and J.R. indicated they would be available before the end of next week.  
* **Year 2 Focus Areas: Document Review**   
  * J.R. introduced a document outlining potential focus areas for CoSAI in its second year, based on internal discussions and industry feedback. He explained that the topics in the document are categorized by their maturity in the industry, starting with AI-assisted development security. The goal for the meeting was to review the document topic by topic and gather initial feedback and sentiment from the group.  
  * Josiah raised a crucial question about CoSAI's unique role in the AI security ecosystem, suggesting the need for a central guiding principle. J.R. responded that CoSAI's focus is squarely on AI security issues relevant to consumers of AI artifacts, such as models and agents. He highlighted CoSAI's unique advantages: convening major enterprise identity players and AI startups to achieve industry consensus that can translate into products, and leveraging member experience to simplify security for AI companies like Anthropic and OpenAI. Josiah agreed with these points, suggesting they be placed at the beginning of the document to guide future projects.  
* **Discussion on AI-Assisted Development Security**   
  * J.R. introduced AI-assisted development security as a mature topic, encompassing the generation of code, vulnerability detection, and patching. Vinay expressed a view that the maturity level of securing AI-assisted development is lower than implied, as effective secure practices are still being explored. Rudy suggested using terms like "AI-generated code" or "vibe coding" for clarity, noting that "AI-assisted development" can be hazy to external stakeholders.  
* **Security Telemetry and Agent Behavior Control**  
  *  J.R. presented security telemetry as another topic, focusing on the instrumentation of agentic systems and the collection of telemetry for security monitoring. Vinay supported this, noting its importance from an incident response perspective. Jay suggested that defining "context" in telemetry, especially for multimodal agentic systems, is a significant challenge and might require parallel focus.  
  *  Josiah inquired if telemetry includes evaluating alignment, and J.R. acknowledged its relevance given the non-determinacy of agents. David emphasized the need to tightly scope and define "behavior" of agentic systems before attempting to control it, suggesting that papers may be needed to establish these definitions. J.R. added Akila's point about focusing on agent decision control rather than just resource access.  
* **Agent Identity Management and Workshop Discussion**  
  * J.R. presented agent identity management as an ongoing and critical topic, potentially as impactful as MCP security. Rudy affirmed its status as a "very hot topic" in the market. David and Omar supported the idea of CoSAI convening a workshop on agent identity, emphasizing the need to engage users and understand their challenges. Andre questioned whether the topic is unique enough to warrant a dedicated conversation or if it would devolve into existing identity discussions.   
  * J.R. and David agreed that timing is crucial for such a workshop, suggesting January might be a more opportune time to allow the hype around agents to settle. Sarah clarified that any workshop should be exploratory rather than teaching, as CoSAI doesn't yet have enough definitive opinions. Omar volunteered to work with OASIS on the logistics of such a workshop, emphasizing the need for good preparation and clear outcomes.  
* **Multi-Agent Security**   
  * J.R. introduced multi-agent security as a problem that will likely emerge, focusing on standards, design patterns, and effective security practices for agent-to-agent collaborations. Andre suggested developing lightweight, introductory content, such as blog-level materials, to help security practitioners understand multi-agent security due to a current lack of understanding.  J.R. agreed on the importance of defining compelling use cases for multi-agent systems.  
* **Cross-Cloud Execution and MCP Server Publishers Guide**   
  * Next, J.R. brought up cross-cloud execution as a less mature but important topic, addressing security for agentic systems across different cloud providers. Vinay initially questioned its distinct importance given that cloud is an underlying service. Andre added "MCP Server Publishers Guide" as a new topic, viewing it as low-hanging fruit to enable secure publishing of MCP servers and incorporate supply chain best practices. J.R. suggested combining this with considerations for MCP gateways and clients due to similar concerns, highlighting CoSAI's unique position to advance this area.  
* **Concluding Remarks and Next Steps**   
  * J.R. concluded the discussion, hoping it provided insight into CoSAI's potential focus areas for Year 2\. He encouraged attendees to add more topics to the document and announced that next week's discussion would focus on prioritizing these items and organizing for optimal execution, including potential refactoring of workstreams.

## Next Steps and Action Items

* Vinay will let the group know via the mailing list when the Incident Repaper is ready for review  
* Sarah will get the MCP security paper to the TSC for the first round of feedback by Monday or Tuesday next week.  
* Omar will work with OASIS to determine the logistical aspects of the exploratory workshop.  
* J.R. will forward the charts from the NIST meeting.

