# CoSAI TSC Meeting 

## 30 September 2025

**Present:** 
Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft â€“ left 30 min in), J.R. Rao (IBM), Sean Lee (Intel), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic \- left 30 min in),  Jason Garman (Amazon),

**Regrets:**  
Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Dan Mellen (EY),  Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  Matt Maloney (Cohere), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), David LaBianca (PGB co-chair), Christina Freeman (WS3 co-lead), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-chair), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 9 needed for quorum,* 

## Agenda

* Finalizing discussion on [Year 2 plans](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pnuIQQM9WJ8a6mnP0yowsOf5KsYJa967nzT2dhquenw/edit?usp=sharing), and particularly our P1 deliverables

## Meeting Notes

* **Welcome and agenda**  
  * J.R. opened the meeting and emphasized the need to conclude P1 deliverables and discuss the status of outstanding P0 items.  
* **WS2 Incident Response Paper Update**   
  * Vinay reported that the Incident Response (IR) paper is nearing final approval and is ready for TSC review. He will coordinate with Claudia for its submission.  
* **WS2 Shared Responsibility Model**   
  * Josiah announced that WS2 has developed an initial draft of the shared responsibility model, scaled down from 70 to 24 pages, and is seeking feedback from the TSC. This document is expected to be completed before the Zero Trust for AI white paper.  
* **WS2 Future Work and AI Assistant**  
  * Josiah discussed year two plans, including the desire to connect all created resources through a RAG-based AI assistant, possibly an MCP server, to provide recommendations through a tool. He also outlined future work for the Zero Trust for AI SIG, focusing on AI's role in operationalizing Zero Trust and mapping maturity models to AI system controls.  
* **WS2 Progress, challenges and new work items**  
  * Josiah highlighted the need for the TSC to balance top-down goals with the interests and availability of active contributors. He noted that current topics are somewhat "a la carte" and require alignment with what contributors are willing to provide.  
  * J.R. summarized WS2's planned progression from the IR document to shared responsibility and then Zero Trust or the CISO assistant. He acknowledged the challenge of building critical mass for new topics, as forming a group and getting contributors focused takes time.  
  * J.R. sought TSC comments on prioritizing WS2 items, suggesting that existing work should be completed before new initiatives are started. Claudia confirmed that lazy consensus is appropriate for these decisions, with formal votes only required for strong concerns or significant dissent.  
  * J.R., with TSC's agreement, instructed WS2 to continue progressing on the incident response, shared responsibility framework, and Zero Trust initiatives. He emphasized the need to sync back with the TSC before starting any new work.  
* **WS3 Progress and Inter-Workstream Collaboration**   
  * David updated on WS3, noting good progress on P0 items and the group's organization. He emphasized the need for other workstreams to codify their outputs into the risk map and provide data sets, highlighting initial conversations with WS1 and WS4, and plans to engage WS2.  
* **WS4 MCP Security and Identity White Papers**   
  * Ian reported that the MCP security white paper is nearing completion and is seeking reviewers before a broader TSC vote. He also mentioned that the Identity white paper requires a rewrite to be more systematic and avoid premature strong conclusions.  
  * Ian also noted that discussions with Anthropic for the Identity white paper are pending their official CoSAI onboarding. He also detailed future work on a best practice guide for MCP security and ongoing discussions about different gateway deployments and their evaluation.  
* **New Workstream Proposal: AI Assisted Development Security**  
  * Akila raised the possibility of a new workstream for AI assisted development security or code security, proposing to discuss it asynchronously and define its scope and leadership. J.R. and David LaBianca agreed that this area is important and would require a proposal to the PGB and a PGB vote.  
* **Defining Minimum AI Security Standards**   
  * David proposed a new initiative to define minimum security standards for AI use by 2026, similar to SALSA levels for software supply chain security. He suggested this could be a document rather than a formal standard, to avoid delays.  
  * Josiah supported the idea of an AI security maturity model, noting discussions within the Zero Trust SIG on mapping DoD and CISA frameworks to AI systems. Daniel added that such a model should consider the system's notional autonomy and risk context, suggesting a matrix approach to simplify guidance.  
* **Google's Contextual Agent Privacy Security Manager**  
  * David announced Google's plan to open source a contextual agent privacy security manager tool on GitHub soon. He expressed Google's desire for CoSAI to be involved in the project, particularly WS4, to help apply policy and controls to agent sprawl. Ian confirmed strong interest.  
* **ML Commons and Model Ratings**   
  * David also mentioned an upcoming conversation in ML Commons about establishing a data set for model ratings, particularly regarding prompt injection security. He noted that this could lead to an outreach to CoSAI for expertise and participation.  
  * David discussed the initial focus on ensuring LLMs have baseline defenses against simple prompt injection, acknowledging the difficulty when security models restrict actions due to perceived malicious code. He also questioned whether the group should help steer the development of these defenses if they become a requirement. Daniel noted that similar issues exist for bias and other safety concerns.

## Action Items

* David will provide a short document to the TSC on the proposal of discussing the minimum security requirements for AI use.  
* David will share a link to Google's open-sourced contextual agent privacy security manager for agents to the TSC and WS4.  
* Vinay will coordinate with Claudia to put the incident response paper up for TSC review.  
* J.R. and Akila will write up a paragraph on how to scope the AI assisted code security work to propose a new workstream structure.

