# CoSAI TSC Meeting 

## Date: 10 June 2025

**Present:**  Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), J.R. Rao (IBM), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA),  Matt Maloney (Cohere), Matt Saner (Amazon), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft),  

**Regrets:**  
Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Andre Elizondo (Wiz),  Dan Mellen (EY),  Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  Joshua Chou (PayPal), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk),  Sean Lee (Intel), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), David LaBianca (PGB co-chair), Juliana Ball (MC co-chair), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead, Cisco alternate)

*Quorum: 19 TSC members, 10 needed for quorum*

### Notes

* **Agentic Security Principles Proposal**   
  * David proposed that CoSAI should develop a set of high-level agentic security principles. The goal is to establish fundamentals for agentic security and for Google to voluntarily commit to these principles.  
  * David outlined initial thoughts on these principles, including that agentic controls should be no worse than classical security (secure by default and design) and that the unbounded non-deterministic behavior of agents should be bounded. The proposal also includes governance by the executing entity, not necessarily human-in-the-loop approval, but appropriate oversight.  
  * David discussed the principle of Least Privilege for Agents, explaining that an agent should only have access to what it needs for a specific task, using the example of reviewing a document.  
  * David highlighted the importance of observability and transparency, including the ability to review all actions taken by an agent, along with forensic logs of tools run and systems interacted with, for eventual review and auditability. This is focused on the agentic system's actions, not the LLM's internal workings.  
* **Next Steps for Agentic Security Principles discussion**  
  * David shared [a discussion document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OwpCO83lkKlms-J2RCIzQTbH9C-4t3Dk4j_kqq7p6Q4/edit?usp=sharing) for asynchronous feedback and will work with Ian and Sarah on their version. The proposal will go through the formal CoSAI process, likely involving Workstream 4 and requiring TSC agreement due to its strategic importance.  
* **Alignment with Existing Workstreams**  
  * J.R. highlighted the importance of these principles aligning with the motivations and activities of Workstreams 1, 2, and 3, noting that agent security is a cross-cutting foundation. This effort could also reveal potential gaps needing new workstreams or sub-workstreams.  
  * David and J.R. agreed that the agentic security principles should consider the shared responsibility model.  
* **Feedback and Timeline for developing the Agentic Security Principles**  
  * J.R. emphasized the significance of these principles for CoSAI's future direction and encouraged feedback on the proposal.  
  * The goal is to achieve consensus quickly, potentially highlighting these principles at Aspen.  
  * Ian supported the idea and cautioned against oversimplification.  
  * Daniel Riedel emphasized the need for these principles to be adaptable into continuous governance models.  
  * Daniel Rohrer discussed the challenge of establishing guardrails and controls to manage the level of non-determinism in agentic flows within acceptable risk thresholds. David noted feedback to frame the principles from the agent's perspective.  
* **Integration with Other Workstreams and Focus**   
  * Daniel Rohrer suggested for Workstream 2 to incorporate relevant parts of these principles.   
  * Josiah pointed out that analytics is not explicitly called out, despite being relevant to observability, and suggested including something about analyzing collected data. David agreed this is an interesting problem, discussing the difference between real-time and eventual use of observability data.  
  * Ian highlighted the difficulty in defining "good" behavior for agents, as it will vary between companies, referencing old access control notions.   
  * Matt S. suggested "auditability" instead of "observability" for broader understanding and emphasized the need for explainability of agent actions and continuous improvement based on audit results .  
* **Responsibility and Accountability in Agent Systems**  
  * David discussed the premise that humans or entities requesting an agent's action are ultimately responsible, as agents cannot be held accountable. Michael raised the complex issue of determining accountability in scenarios with multiple interacting agents and services.  
  * Daniel Rohrer argued that explainability is within scope, viewing it as synthesis across data to understand the "who, what, where, why" of an action. David acknowledged differing views on including LLM explainability.  
* **Shared Responsibility in Federated Ecosystems**   
  * David agreed with Michael that the shared responsibility model for agentic AI infrastructure needs consideration, especially in federated ecosystems where not all components are owned by one entity.  
  * J.R. mentioned IBM's prior work on principles for digital labor and agents and offered to share it.   
  * He emphasized the critical importance of developing these agent security principles for CoSAI's future and how they might influence the organization of workstreams.  
* **Actionability and Practicality**  
  * J.R. stressed the need for the principles to be actionable and realizable in practice, considering the complexity of attributing responsibility in multi-agent systems. David added that the principles should be approachable for companies with varying levels of security maturity.  
* **Agentic Systems as High-Risk Areas**  
  * Daniel Rohrer framed agentic systems as inherently high-risk due to their combination of technologies, making them an important area for CoSAI to focus on for maximum impact.  
* **Accelerating progress on defining the Principles**  
  * J.R. proposed accelerating the discussion and convergence on these principles before the next TSC meeting, as they are essentially CoSAI's operating principles. David outlined a plan to share a document with commentary and revisions, encouraging asynchronous work to have a more evolved version for the next TSC meeting.  
* **Timeline for Draft Principles**   
  * The group agreed to work asynchronously on the document with the goal of having a cleaner version reflecting CoSAI's perspective by Friday, leading to a more in-depth discussion at the next TSC meeting. The target is to have around three to five core principles.  
* **Workstream 2 Update**  
  * Josiah raised concerns about low attendance at recent Workstream 2 meetings and the lack of visibility into the status of the Workstream 2 landscape paper.  
  * J.R. provided an update on the landscape paper, explaining delays due to migrating files with contributor history and the recent restructuring of the artifact repository. The paper is expected to be available for TSC review in the CoSAI Drive folder within a day or two. David is ready to review it promptly.  
  * Josiah suggested a deeper dive into Workstream 2 at next week’s TSC meeting and informed the group that the incident response for AI paper has substantial material ready for early review. The paper and playbooks are in GitHub.  
  * Vinay suggested providing feedback via GitHub issues, noting the paper is about 80% complete and undergoing internal cross-review. Early high-level comments are welcome. Claudia suggested that Vinay inform the broader TSC mailing list about the availability for early feedback.   
    Vinay agreed to send the email to the Slack channel on the TSC and the mailing list.  
* **Templated Approach for Non-Change PRs**   
  * David raised the point that if all feedback is done via PRs, a templated approach is needed for comments that are not actual changes to the document. He suggested providing a format for adding comments on broad issues like structure or terminology if PRs are the chosen method.  
  * Vinay acknowledged this input and proposed discussing options in the SIG meeting on Thursday, considering both PRs and issues for different types of comments.   
* **CoSAI Artifact Review Process Document**  
  * Josiah reminded the TSC of the feedback request for [the document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17q2eTAZ9wq1uDXrIJ_263DQnTGvilDuBVLXrDMaieXY/edit?usp=sharing) that he and David have drafted to write up a review process for new CoSAI artifacts.   
* **Focus for next week’s TSC meeting**  
  * J.R. noted that there were no other urgent issues to discuss and acknowledged the workload ahead for WS2and the co-chairs.  
  * J.R. stated that the next week's meeting would focus on reviewing and trying to stabilize the principles, with the WS2 landscape paper also expected to be available for feedback.


### Suggested next steps

* Vinay will bring up the need for guidance on providing feedback via issues and PRs in the SIG meeting on Thursday and then provide guidance.  
* Vinay will send out an email regarding the Incident Response paper to the TSC Slack channel and the mailing list to set expectations for early feedback.  
* J.R. and Akila will add the WS2 Landscape paper draft, to the same location as the WS1 paper in the next day or 2\.    
* David will review the WS2 Landscape paper once available.    
  
