# CoSAI TSC Meeting

## Date: 19 August 2025

**Present:**    
 Joshua Chou (PayPal), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), J.R. Rao (IBM), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Andre Elizondo (Wiz),  Jason Garman (Amazon), Rudy Lai (Snyk), 

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA),  Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  Matt Maloney (Cohere), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google),  Sean Lee (Intel), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:**   
Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS),  Jay White (WS1 co-lead), David LaBianca (WS3 co-lead, Google alternate), Jane Harnad (OASIS), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead â€“ joined 35 min. in)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 9 needed for quorum,  7 in attendance*

### Agenda

* Chat about RSA submissions: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i-bfOrzxm\_TUyWQhIlL7L-rP2KF8Oxta2wMvoiosqZk/edit?tab=t.uv9vutoipqzz](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i-bfOrzxm_TUyWQhIlL7L-rP2KF8Oxta2wMvoiosqZk/edit?tab=t.uv9vutoipqzz)
* WS4 deep dive and the various initiatives coming out of this group

### Meeting Notes

* **RSA Submission Deadline and Logistics**  
  *  J.R. announced that the RSA deadline has been extended to the 24th, providing more time for submissions. Jane clarified that speakers themselves must submit proposals, as they cannot submit on behalf of others. Josiah confirmed that submitted proposals can still be edited before the deadline.  
* **Shared Responsibility Model for AI Submission**  
  *  Josiah identified Doyin and Vishwas as the primary contributors for the shared responsibility model submission, noting Vishwas's expertise from the Cloud Security Alliance. Josiah also explained that the RSA submission process only accepts plain text, meaning all formatting like bullet points will be removed.  
  *  J.R. sought to confirm that all submissions, including this one, are under the CoSAI umbrella, emphasizing cross-industry discussions.  
* **Zero Trust and AI Submission**  
  * Josiah noted that the Zero Trust and AI submission incorporates content developed over several months and is presented under the CoSAI umbrella. Jason expressed strong support for this proposal. Josiah confirmed that this submission is in a tentative state and can be edited before the deadline.  
* **RSA Submission Quantity and Uniqueness**  
  * Jay questioned the desired number of RSA submissions, and J.R. raised the importance of a missing topic: signing and attestation of models in AI supply chain security, highlighting its unique position due to limited external papers.   
  * Jay expressed concern about duplicative submissions across open-source communities and emphasized the need for CoSAI-specific content, particularly given the widespread adoption of model signing and transparency.  
  * Jay and Andre discussed the overlap with OpenSSF, noting that Mihai, Eoin and others are part of both efforts, fostering existing partnerships. Andre explained that their focus with OpenSSF is on workflows and organizational efforts for effective model signing, differentiating their work from being merely duplicative. Jay also highlighted similar naming conventions appearing in other organizations, suggesting CoSAI's leadership in the field.  
* **Practical Implementation of Model Signing and Verification**   
  * Akila proposed partnering with startups to ensure the practicality and usability of the model signing standard, suggesting the development of a JSON or RPC payload for signing and verification. Akila also recommended leveraging open-source models and Hugging Face for demos, with code hosted on GitHub, to make the work more tangible and accessible.  
* **CoSAI Expert Panel Submission**   
  * Josiah recommended an expert panel comprising Akila, J.R., David, and Daniel, citing their cross-section of industry representation and leadership within CoSAI. Josiah explained that this panel would promote the totality of CoSAI's work, emphasizing cross-industry collaboration. J.R. highlighted that this specific panel could uniquely represent CoSAI's two-year journey and accomplishments.  
* **AI Incident Response Learning Lab**  
  * Josiah detailed the learning lab as a two-hour workshop focused on assisting security architects and incident responders in developing playbooks for AI systems. Josiah plans to recruit an IR expert from Trend Micro and is seeking another volunteer from Vinay's group to lead the session, leveraging existing content from the IR for AI paper.  
* **Workstream 4 Updates and Challenges**   
  * Sarah outlined three documents in progress: a blog post on agentic AI, a paper on MCP security, and a paper on agentic identity, exploring two different perspectives on identity.   
  * Sarah also mentioned the challenge of scope creep within WS4 and the need for more contributors to write content and make opinionated stances,  
  * Sarah indicated that she will have less time for CoSAI from September on and suggested bringing another lead with expertise in AI security  
  *  Sarah is also trying to bring in an OAUTH spec founder and identity expert, into the working group due to his relevant work on identity in MCP.  
* **MCP Security and Agentic Identity Submissions**  
  * Sarah noted that she was asked to speak on MCP security and will need to confirm her availability. For agentic identity, Ian and Alex were proposed speakers, and Sarah will confirm their participation. J.R. emphasized the importance of having someone from Anthropic co-present or co-author the MCP security submission to enhance its credibility.  
* **Security Recommendations for MCP**   
  * Akila inquired about the nature of the security recommendations for MCP, asking if they were a document or a set of best practices with implementation guidance. Sarah clarified that the recommendations are a couple of best practices with directional implementation guidance, not prescriptive code, due to the rapid pace of change in the field. David suggested focusing on one or two simple-to-implement areas within the MCP uplift that require CoSAI's contribution.  
  * Sarah outlined the top five recommendations for MCP uplift, two of which have already been implemented: separation of authorization and resource servers, and improved governance within MCP. The remaining recommendations include defining a reference stack for good security (e.g., MCP server, reverse proxy, OAUTH, TLS, API gateway), and authorization scopes and token exchange work.

### Next Steps and Action Items

* Sarah will confirm by Friday who will submit the Agentic Identity and MCP Security RSA proposals.  
* Jay will work on submissions for the model signing and attestation topic this week before the deadline.  
* Josiah will ensure that the feedback regarding the shared responsibility model conversations and alignment to SAIF gets to Doyin and Vishwas.  
* Sarah will check with proposed speakers Ian and Alex for the Agentic Identity RSA submission to confirm their availability.  
* Sarah will include the conversation about potentially having someone from Anthropic co-present or co-author the MCP security proposal in an email to Paul.  
* Sarah will check with people doing identity work in WS4 to see if any of them want to put their name forward for the Agentic Identity submission.  
* J.R. and Akila will discuss how to host web checklists or tools for easy leverage and visibility.  
* J.R. and Akila will consider how to structure the RSA expert panel submission as a talk, panel, or presentation.

