# CoSAI TSC Meeting

## Date: 03 June 2025

**Present:** Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), JR Rao (IBM), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Peng Ning (Google), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Sean Lee (Intel),  Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA),

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  Joshua Chou (PayPal), Matt Saner (Amazon), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft),  Omar Santos (Cisco), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Juliana Ball (MC co-chair), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead)

### Agenda

* Next Steps Discussion on Artifact Repository:  
  * [Draft Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11lJRMsWEq6Zz96g6JFM3XkGCsGwZXhXxHJfMF0LihXU/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.xfqk7ev84mqt)  
* Discussion on Tool Deliverables from Each Workstream  
* Workstream Updates:  
  * WS1  
  * WS2 (time permitting)  
* Any other business?

### Notes

* **TSC Meeting Conflict resolved**  
  * JR mentioned that the conflict with his internal meeting was greatly reduced, so there is no need to change the TSC meeting time to Thursday, as previously proposed.   
* **WS2 Landscape Paper Status and Artifact Repository**  
  *  JR stated that the landscape from WS2 was still awaiting resolution regarding the artifact repository.   
  * JR emphasized the need to resolve the artifact repository issues, including structure and licensing. The question arose whether to maintain separate repositories for documents and code, considering Daniel Rohrer's point about potential data merging. Michael suggested that the cost of making the wrong decision about splitting or combining repos seemed low as it could be easily reversed.   
    * **Resolved:** A decision to create two repositories, /resources for documents and /secure-ai-tooling for code was already taken and approved by the TSC during the [May 13 TSC meeting](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/cosai-tsc/blob/main/tsc-meeting-minutes/2025-05-13.md).  
  * Claudia clarified that CC-BY 4 and Apache 2.0 were the licenses chosen by the PGB for CoSAI repositories; Apache 2.0 for code and CC-BY 4 for documents.   
* **Documentation of Repository Decisions**   
  * Akila suggested that the relevant information on these repositories should be condensed into a readme file in the repositories. This would inform users on how to interface with the repos without needing to go through the detailed document. Claudia agreed to help summarize the decisions in a markdown file, while the original document would be for archival purposes.  
* **Workstream Deliverables: Tools vs. Documents**   
  * JR introduced a discussion that had happened in the PGB  about workstream deliverables, noting the current focus on documents rather than tools and code. In the PGB discussion, David had encouraged a thought exercise across workstreams to identify potential tools that could be contributed, aiming for at least one tool per workstream as a starting point.  
  * This was discussed in the context of the rapid pace of AI development and the desire for CoSAI to be a definitive source by offering usable tools.  
  * Michael commented  that in his view CoSAI's mission is to make a difference in AI security, potentially by becoming a central coordination point for the numerous groups and organizations working in the field. He suggested that even just facilitating discussions among these groups would be a valuable contribution.   
  * Regarding tooling, Michael cautioned against developing tools without a long-term commitment to maintenance and noted the existence of many commercial tools, suggesting CoSAI could focus on providing insights or improving existing tools.  
  * JR agreed with Michael and noted CoSAI's potential role as a coordination point, bringing together various stakeholders. JR also raised the question of whether CoSAI should adopt more opinionated stances to enhance its impact beyond just coordination.  
  *  Josiah suggested CoSAI could serve as a place to consider and share information about various emerging AI security frameworks. He proposed providing an MCP server with framework reviews and original texts as data resources to help map between different frameworks.  
* **Public Proof of Concepts and Larger Projects**   
  * Andre shared examples from WS1, suggesting public proof of concepts for the concepts discussed in papers could be valuable and relatively quick to create. He also mentioned larger projects, like addressing missing metadata for safe models, suggesting potential partnerships for development beyond initial proof of concepts . Andre also highlighted the need for some guiding principles.  
  * JR suggested that where it makes sense, developing prototypes or reference implementations could guide the community.  
  * Sarah pointed out a potential challenge: the individuals actively involved in the workstreams may not be the engineers who collectively form engineering teams to build tools. She highlighted CoSAI's role connecting disparate pieces and bringing feedback, suggesting the struggle might be in generating entirely new ideas versus connecting existing ones.  
* **Leveraging Existing Open Source Projects**  
  * Ian suggested that instead of recreating entire libraries, CoSAI could focus on contributing smaller, specific enhancements to existing open-source projects. He  raised questions about the consumption and utilization of artifacts like Bills of Materials, suggesting a focus on supporting signing, verification, and enforcement in one or two key libraries.  
* **Focus on Proofs of Concept and Reference Implementations**   
  * JR acknowledged that the current participants might not be the primary coders but hoped for a healthier mix of architects and developers over time to create proofs of concept or reference implementations. JR asked workstream co-chairs to discuss potential proof-of-concept ideas within their workstreams and include these in future updates.  
* **Workstream 1 Update**  
  * *Model Signing SIG Update:* Matt provided an update on WS1, noting that the model signing SIG was progressing well with a lot of focus and interest. They have an outline for their first introductory paper on the why of model signing from consumer and producer perspectives and are aiming for a mid-July release to the TSC for review. The paper is divided into six sections with weekly update goals.  
  * Matt discussed the potential for focusing on tools after the paper to lower the barrier to entry for model signing. He noted the current ecosystem's accessibility challenges, including setup complexity and knowing which registries and certificates to use. Ideas like a public verification registry or simpler tutorials were being considered. Matt emphasized making it simple and avoiding forcing users to learn cryptography.  
  * Matt highlighted the challenge of verifying large open-weight models, which requires significant download times. They were exploring ideas like an intermediary service that could perform the verification and provide quick responses, building trust in the verification process. Matt noted that model signing was further along than model cards.  
  * JR requested that the model signing SIG be opinionated in their prescriptions, as this provides valuable guidance to the community, especially given the exposed attack surface of open-source models. Matt agreed and preferred to be opinionated, especially since there isn't a current standard.  
  * Andre noted the trickiness of being opinionated when only one effective library (OpenSSF model transparency library) currently exists for model signing. Andre suggested building the workflow around this library while allowing flexibility for future tools or standards with similar functionality. Daniel Rohrer supported being opinionated to avoid a fragmented system with multiple cryptographic systems, advocating for improving and leaning into the OpenSSF library.  
  *  Jay  affirmed the importance of being opinionated while aligning with efforts in the OpenSSF, where the model signing and transparency SIG archived tooling to a project under the working group. Jay emphasized focusing on both enterprise and developer needs, considering emerging regulatory requirements.  
  * *Model Cards SIG Update:* Andre reported that the model cards SIG was moving slower, partly due to the existence of many standards. Andre noted a need for more active involvement but mentioned newer members bringing gap analysis, leading to public demos. Overall, the roadmap for model cards is less clear than for model signing.  
  * Daniel Rohrer asked Andre for a paragraph that sums up WS1, including the SIGs, to share internally for additional participants. JR mentioned that a description should be in the landscape paper and Slack, promising to send it to Daniel Rohrer.   
  * JR asked if the model cards SIG was considering emerging AI Bills of Materials (BOMs).  
  * Andre confirmed that they have a broad list of 20-30 references, including various model card standards and how BOM standards are incorporating AI and data fields. JR suggested using the artifact repository to list these with summaries to focus CoSAI's work on an opinionated view.  
  * Regarding timelines, Andre indicated no firm dates for model cards, noting potential slowdowns due to summer and conference season. He suggested potentially pausing work on model cards if adoption within the workstream doesn't increase, to focus on the more active model signing SIG and deliver that first paper.  
* **Future plans for WS1**  
  *  JR asked for further comments or brainstorming for workstream one, noting at least six more weeks of work, potentially more with model cards. JR recalled the earlier plan to address SALSA for AI artifacts as a potential third SIG. Matt confirmed this and noted its complementarity to the signing and model card efforts as part of a maturity framework.  
  * Matt reiterated the significant opportunity to create impactful and valuable tools that could enhance CoSAI's presence in the industry. They plan to spend more time mapping out what such tooling might look like.  
* **Refocusing on Hot Topics**   
  * Andre suggested focusing on "hot topics" where immediate building and involvement are possible, rather than lengthy ideation. Andre proposed creating short-lived SIGs around such topics, potentially refocusing resources from model cards if needed, and considered SIGs focused on building or designing systems.  
  * Akila concurred on the idea of short-lived projects (3-4 months) with specific goals and deliverables.  
* **Thematic Approach to Supply Chain Security**   
  * Akila suggested framing the workstreams around large themes like supply chain security and secure builds, rather than specific tools or technologies. Within supply chain security, this would include dependency management, SBOMs, and model cards. Secure builds would focus on maintaining integrity throughout the process. Akila emphasized providing guidance to companies on areas like dependency management for platforms like Hugging Face.  
* **Workstream Through Lines**   
  * Akila suggested defining workstream through lines and themes, similar to the landscape paper of WS2, to track progress within CoSAI and the broader industry. This would help determine where CoSAI's efforts are most valuable based on industry advancements.  
* **Review Process Document**   
  * Josiah reminded the group of the [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17q2eTAZ9wq1uDXrIJ_263DQnTGvilDuBVLXrDMaieXY/edit?tab=t.0) to define the review process for workstream releases. JR thanked Josiah and Dave for the document and requested the TSC members to review it.

## Next Steps

* Claudia will create a readme file for the resources and  tooling repos  
* JR / WS1 leads to share summary of WS1 with Daniel Rohrer  
* All TSC members to review the document on [TSC Processes: Pre-Review of CoSAI Workstream Outputs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17q2eTAZ9wq1uDXrIJ_263DQnTGvilDuBVLXrDMaieXY/edit?usp=sharing) by next meeting


