# CoSAI TSC meeting -- DRAFT

## 27 May 2025


**Present:** Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Sean Lee (Intel), Peng Ning (Google), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA \- join at 12:40 pm),

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  Joshua Chou (PayPal),  J.R. Rao (IBM),Matt Saner (Amazon), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft),  Omar Santos (Cisco), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), Daniel Riedel (GenLab)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), David LaBianca (WS3 co-lead), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Juliana Ball (Intel) \- MC Lead

## Agenda
* Swap meeting times 
* Review process for WS deliverables 
* Solicit reviewers for WS-2: IR for AI whitepaper, diagrams, and playbooks.
* WS1 threat landscape  
* WS4 update 
* WS3 update

### Notes

* **TSC Meeting Time Change Proposal**
  * The group discussed a proposal to move the TSC meeting from Tuesday at 12PM ET/9:00 AM ET. to Thursday at 12PM ET/9AM PT a.m., provided  the swap would work for both TSC and WS4 . 
  * WS4 co-leads Sarah and Ian confirmed the swap would work for them.  Sarah suggested notifying the broader TSC group to ensure majority support for the change. 
  * Claudia agreed to email the TSC to ask about moving the time to Thursday, and Sarah will notify the WS 4 mailing list and Slack channel.
* **TSC Membership and Attendance** 
  * David proposed using the meeting time change discussion as an opportunity to ask TSC members to confirm their current membership. 
  * Claudia mentioned the existing attendance policy and suggested sending a reminder with a future enforcement date. 
  * It was decided that Claudia will send an email to TSC to confirm membership and ask for comments on the time change, separately from a future announcement about enforcing the attendance policy.
  * David will send a separate email to the PGB regarding the enforcement of  a) the new PGB standing rules and b) the attendance policy for the TSC.   
* **Reviewers for Workstream 2** 
  * Akila raised the need for reviewers for WS2 AI incident response white paper, diagrams, and playbooks.
  * Josiah suggested developing a consistent review process for TSC members, as more materials will be coming from various workstreams
  * The group discussed different approaches to soliciting reviewers and the need for more participation from TSC members.
* **Formalizing the Review Process** 
  * David emphasized the importance of asking for volunteers to review and suggested a more transparent review cycle.
  * Claudia suggested workstream leads and reviewers create a document outlining the expectations for reviewers. Josiah volunteered to create a draft and create a guidance document for the deliverable review process to be shared with the TSC and WS leads for input.
  * David volunteered to be the first reviewer for the WS 2 paper.
* **Workstream 1 Landscape Paper Approval**
  * Akila inquired about the approval status of the workstream one landscape paper. 
  * Claudia clarified that the TSC had approved it and it was in the 14-day PGB review period, which ends next week Thursday, June 5
  * Provided there are no show stoppers, the call for consensus to the PGB to be sent out next week Friday. 
  * David noted receiving some non-blocking feedback and highlighted the role of marketing in creating consumable content from the paper.
* **Workstream 4 Update and Challenges**
  * Sarah provided an update on WS4, mentioning the recent working session which generated additional content for the initial focus on MCP security. 
  * Sarah and David discussed the ongoing challenge of activating participants and the impedance mismatch between expectations and the pace of progress. They explored ideas for quickly identifying and supporting individuals with ideas.
  * David asked about the top three priorities for WS 4\. Sarah identified MCP security and identity as key areas, with identity being a more complex and potentially philosophical discussion. 
  * Ian agreed, noting philosophical disagreements around agent identity.
  * David suggested memorializing differing opinions on identity and questioned the 
  * The topic of sandboxing as a potential priority for WS 4 was raised. Akila cautioned about the need to define what is meant by sandboxing (browser, OS level, etc.) and which layer of the stack is being considered, suggesting definition alignment could be a valuable white paper topic.
* **Call for Participation in Workstream 3**
  * David announced a more formal call for participation in WS3, which will focus on creating a tool for risk governance. 
  * He highlighted the need for individuals with skills in JavaScript/TypeScript, CI frameworks, and GitHub issue management. 
  * David requested feedback on the call for participation document, which Ingrid helped to create. Ingrid will move the document to the TSC folder and share it.
*  **Resources Repository Reminder**
    * Claudia reminded everyone to review the resources repository document.

### Next Steps and Action Items
* Claudia will email the TSC to ask about moving the meeting to Thursdays at Noon ET/ 9:00 PT requesting confirmation of continued membership 
* Sarah will notify WS 4 via Slack and email about the potential meeting time change after TSC approval and inquire about alternative times.
* David will send a separate email to the PGB about the upcoming enforcement of the new governance rule regarding attendance and voting rights.
* David to review the WS2 landscape paper
* Josiah will draft a short document outlining a starting point for the review process by the end of the week.
* Ian will follow up with IBM or Red Hat for contributions to the sandboxing topic in Workstream 4\.
* Akila will investigate the correct Discord link for MCP discussions.

