# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 1 July 2025

**Present:** Andre Elizondo (Wiz), J.R. Rao (IBM), Peng Ning (Google), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft \- left after 30 min.),  Joshua Chou (PayPal), Sean Lee (Intel)

**Regrets:**  
Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic),  Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Matt Saner (Amazon), Omar Santos (Cisco),  Rudy Lai (Snyk),  Sean Morgan (Protect AI),

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), David LaBianca (PGB Co-chair), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Asmae Mhassni (Intel alternate), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Juliana Ball (Marketing Committee co-chair), Vinay Bansal (Cisco alternate, WS2 co-lead)

*Quorum: 19 TSC members, 10 needed for quorum*

## Agenda

* [Security Principles for Agentic Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OwpCO83lkKlms-J2RCIzQTbH9C-4t3Dk4j_kqq7p6Q4/edit?usp=sharing), including plan finalizing, blogging, and announcements  
* Googleâ€™s donation of SAIF data and expectation  
* Operationalizing P0 priorities and status  
* Any other business?

## Notes

* **WS2 Landscape Paper Approval and Next Steps**  
  *  J.R. announced that the WS2 landscape paper was approved by the TSC with a majority vote of 11 in favor and one abstention. Claudia explained that the 14-day review period for the PGB was already open, with no objections received so far, and the call for consensus for the PGB would open on July 9th. Kelly confirmed only one process question was raised, with no content feedback.  
  * Kelly stated that a blog post for the WS2 paper had been prepared and pending MC review will be sent to the WS2 Leads, J.R., David, Omar, and Akila. Juliana emphasized the need for approvals before publishing and aligning with a PR launch this month, to be driven by the marketing committee. The group discussed whether to launch the blog post before the PGB call for consensus closed and agreed to wait until the PGB approved the document.  
  * David and Claudia clarified the timeline for the PGB's decision on the WS2 paper. David suggested the final approval might be closer to July 16th, allowing for a formal call for objections after the 7-day review period, rather than the initially proposed July 9th. J.R. accepted this window, noting it helped their understanding.  
* **Security Principles for Agentic Systems \- Discussion of draft document**  
  * J.R. aiming to move this document forward for the first-year anniversary launch event and a corresponding blog post. David initiated a discussion on the current state of the document, including recent comments and changes.   
  * Ian and Sarah discussed the purpose and audience of the security principles for agentic systems document, highlighting concerns that high-level principles might not be actionable or detailed enough. David agreed that the principles should serve as a guiding set for key opinion formers, while acknowledging the need for more in-depth supporting content for technical practitioners and agent producers. Sarah noted that some concerns were assuaged by explaining that existing content would serve as supporting material.  
  * David raised a significant concern about including "privacy" in the principles, stating that CoSAI's founding principles explicitly excluded privacy, focusing instead on security. J.R. supported this, explaining that privacy is a complex area that could hinder approval, and suggested that Raghu's concerns in the comments of the document might be addressed by focusing on "data security" or "data confidentiality" as control primitives within the security domain.   
  * J.R. questioned the use of "least privilege" due to its technical nature, suggesting "least privilege limitations" or other alternatives. David explained that "least privilege" is technical jargon for "strict purpose specific limitations" and is not universally understood outside of security practitioners. David emphasized that the principles should use direct terms rather than domain-specific jargon, and mentioned that their internal policy team also had issues with "least privilege".  
  * J.R. suggested they set aside time for a word-by-word review.  
  * Ian proposed replacing "input output filtering" with "protected by robust defense measures including language and reasoning based offenses and mitigations against internal external actors," to be more comprehensive. David agreed that this phrasing better addressed insider risk and avoided over-specificity, while allowing for conciseness refinement.   
  * Ian emphasized that the proposed phrasing for defenses ensures the principles do not dictate a single solution, advocating for both standard best practices and novel approaches like language and reasoning-based defenses. J.R. questioned whether the principles sufficiently differentiate agentic systems from traditional software, particularly regarding autonomy and non-determinism.   
  * Asmae suggested "provenance" to capture the ability to check every step, but agreed that "verifiable" could imply this without added complexity. David  proposed using "transparent" and "verifiable" as core principles, supported by sub-bullets to explain the broader meaning and address concerns about human oversight and linkability. Sarah and Jay White supported "transparent" as aligning with responsible AI concepts.  
* **Review of Sub-elements for Principles**   
  * The group discussed the specific elements under the principles, including removing "temporary evidence" due to its unachievable bar for most companies. They also refined the list of elements for traceability, agreeing to keep "communications" as a clear call-out of interactions. David reiterated the need to ensure all principles are stated in positive aspects of the outcome and acknowledged the need for further offline work on the wording.  
  * Jay and Asmae discussed the problematic nature of the term "interpretability," preferring "explainability" and eventually settling on "comprehension" as a better fit for describing clear understanding without additional layers of explanation.   
  * The group addressed feedback that "accountable" alone doesn't convey the need for a shared accountability model within CoSAI. J.R. suggested replacing "cryptographically traceable" with "clear shared accountability chains" within the document, and potentially changing the title to "governance and accountability" to reflect this. The participants generally agreed with incorporating "shared accountability" more explicitly.  
  * David raised concerns about the term "human" in "human governed," explaining that policy teams worry about allowing agents to govern agents if "human" is removed. J.R. proposed stripping "human" completely and using "governance and accountability" as a title, but David  countered that this approach could lead companies to justify AI systems governing each other without human oversight. Jay suggested "human-centric governance" to emphasize that while agents may operate, a human must ultimately be at the top of the governance structure.  
  * Ian highlighted the importance of ensuring predictable and stable model behavior, especially given instances where models can act erratically with minor inputs. David recognized this as a crucial point for inclusion in the document, acknowledging that further brainstorming with J.R. and Ian would be necessary to integrate it effectively, as it relates to Jason's earlier emphasis on models matching ethical outcomes.  
* **Next Steps for Publication of the Agentic Security Principles**  
  *  J.R. pressed for the document draft to be finalized before July 4th, suggesting a need for quick turnaround on outstanding wording issues. David agreed and tasked Kelly and Claudia with outlining the approval process for this principle's statement and blog post, ensuring clear guidance for the TSC.

## Action Items and Next Steps

* Before July 4th, J.R. will work on the outstanding wording in the document.  
* J.R. and Ian will brainstorm how to integrate the concept of predictable agent behavior into the document, with the option to invite others.  
* David and J.R. will determine a path for the saved content (e.g., email, call for objection, or FMV) and consult with the TSC.  
* Claudia and Kelly will provide clear guidance on the approval process for the principles and blog post to J.R. and the TSC.
