# CoSAI TSC Meeting Minutes

## Date: 11 March 2025

**Present:** Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Omar Santos (Cisco), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), J.R. Rao (IBM), Peng Ning (Google), Matt Saner (Amazon), Joshua Chou (PayPal), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA)

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  Matt Maloney (Cohere), Sean Lee (Intel), Sean Morgan (Protect AI)

**Guests:**  
Claudia Rauch (OASIS),  Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Jim Cabral (OASIS), Vinay Bansal (Cisco), David Klieman (WS3 lead/IBM), David LaBianca (Google), Jay White (WS3 lead/Microsoft)

## Agenda

* We are looking for 1-2 reviewers from the TSC  
* What is the expectation of the reviewer  
  * Semantic review  
  * Detailed content review  
  * Syntax review  
  * All due by Mar 17, 2025  
* WS3 Lauren Clark, Dave Kliemann  
  * Ask for 1-2 reviewer volunteers from the TSC to give their feedback by Monday  
* WS2 Josiah Hagen, Vinay Bansal, Irakle Dzneladze  
  * Ask for 1-2 reviewer volunteers from the TSC to give their feedback by Monday  
* WS1 Matt Malone, Andre Elizondo, Jay White  
  * Ask for 1-2 reviewer v @olunteers from the TSC to give their feedback by Monday  
*  Short blurb on WS4 [WS4: Secure Design Patterns for Agentic Systems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s6JS_Y6FAuVn7cxUlvjp0--GlFggpL88P9sNx7646kk/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.7e7dsplijlg4)  
  * We need a list of volunteers to work on this workstream  
  * Sarah has raised her hand to co-chair  
  * Looking for another another volunteer to co-chair this

## Summary

* **Review process and expectation:**  
  * The group discussed expectations for reviewers, aiming for comprehensive feedback beyond grammar and syntax, including content, comprehensiveness, referencing, and acknowledgment of prior work.   
  * Akila suggested TSC reviewers should be from different workstreams to encourage cross-referencing and J.R. highlighted the importance of cross-referencing documents to create definitive and authoritative sources of information.   
* **Workstream 3 Review:**   
  * David K. presented the WS3 paper, emphasizing its focus on security risk governance, referencing existing frameworks and regulations, and considering the AI component of cybersecurity.    
  * J.R. proposed a timeline for the review of the WS3 document, aiming to move to the reviewer stage by mid-week.  David Kliemann estimated needing until the end of the next day to incorporate changes.   
  * The TSC approved moving Workstream 3 to the reviewer stage.  
* **Workstream 2 Update and Future Work:** 
  * Josiah discussed WS2's progress, outlining their landscape paper and the need for TSC approval for subsequent work.  
  * Claudia explained that the approval for new work items can be done by lazy consensus via email
  * Josiah also discussed the timeline for final RSA slides (April 4th) and the formal approval process for presentation materials.

* **Workstream 2 Landscape Paper Review:** 
  * Josiah presented WS 2's landscape paper. He noted the extensive detail and the goal of providing a resource for defenders and identifying gaps in existing frameworks. 
  * Josiah Hagen indicated a cleaned up version would be available by the end of the next day. 
* **Workstream 4 launch:** 
  * Akila initiated a discussion on WS 4,  which will focus on agentic systems. 
  * J.R. outlined the scope, including defining frameworks, threat models, and secure design patterns. 
  * The goal is to finalize the contributor list and identify co-leads with strong leadership skills willing to invest time and effort. 
  * Kick-off meeting date to be confirmed, likely before the end of March.
  * Omar noted that three volunteers for the position of WS lead have already signed up.

### Action Items

* David K. will incorporate changes suggested during the meeting into the workstream 3 document   
* Josiah will update the workstream 2 document and make it available for review by the end of the day tomorrow.  
* Akila and J.R. will develop a script outlining key personas, focus questions, and background materials for workstream 4 before the next meeting.
