# CoSAI TSC Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT

## Date: 08 April 2025

**Present:**   J.R. Rao (IBM), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Andre Elizondo (Wiz),  Joshua Chou (PayPal),  Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro),  Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Sean Lee (Intel), Peng Ning (Google), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic)

**Regrets:**   
Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  J Matt Saner (Amazon), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Sean Morgan (Protect AI) 

**Guests:**  
Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), David Girard (Trend Micro), Jason Garman (Amazon), Vinay Bansal (Cisco), Ian Molloy (IBM \- WS4 lead), Jay White (Microsoft)

## Agenda

* Updates on landscape papers  
  * Appointment of professional editor  
* Update on launch of WS4 on agentic systems  
* Updates from workstream leads on sub-workstreams  
* Update on RSA Plans  
* [LLM Policy Usage](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17YFrBV-6yetmg2WkSTC2kYet4hDW1DHiBzcuODVDuW8/edit?usp=sharing): Discussion  
* Any other business?

## **Summary**

* **Landscape Papers Update:**  
  * David reported on the selection of a professional editor for the landscape papers. 
  * The TSC co-chairs are aiming for two landscape papers (WS1 and WS2) instead of three.  
  * There are also plans to explore using LLMs in parallel with the editor's work to assess needs and capabilities. The goal is to achieve a unifying tone and verbiage across the papers. The publishing deadline is before RSA.
  * Claudia noted that any RSA presentation will only be a draft because there won’t be enough time for any ballots ahead of RSA.
* **Common Artifacts Organization:**  
  * The group discussed organizing common artifacts (frameworks, policies, regulations) in the CoSAI repository, with Claudia offering assistance. 
  * Akila suggested finding a TSC volunteer to assist with this effort. 
* **Workstream 4 (WS4) Launch:** 
  * Sarah and Ian reported on the successful launch of WS4, with around 30 attendees at the initial meeting. 
* **Workstream 1 Sub-workstreams:**  
  * Andre presented updates on the two sub-workstreams for Workstream 1: Model Cards and Model Signing. 
  * The WS leads defined personas to guide the work, focusing on a gap analysis of existing model card standards for the model cards sub-workstream and an opinionated workflow for the model signing sub-workstream. They also experienced a delay due to CLA (Contributor License Agreement) signing.
  * Discussions touched on potential scope creep regarding model cards;  Andre clarified their intention to focus on security-related aspects. Akila Srinivasan suggested leveraging research from Workstream 2 to avoid unnecessary rework.
* **Workstream 2 Sub-workstreams:** 
  * Josiah reported on the progress of the two SIGs within Workstream 2: Incident Response for AI and Zero Trust. 
  * They are focusing on mapping zero trust maturity models to AI use cases, acknowledging the need for coordination with Workstream 4\. 
* **Workstream 2: Incident Response SIG:** 
  * Vinay provided an update on the AI incident response SIG, emphasizing their focus on the response phase rather than detection. 
  * They plan to create response playbooks based on common AI implementation patterns and existing resources such as NIST guidelines and MITRE ATT\&CK.  Sector-specific considerations for response playbooks were also discussed.
* **Workstream 3 Sub-workstreams:** 
  * David presented a proposal for two sub-workstreams within Workstream 3\. The first, approved via lazy consensus, focuses on integrating content that will be donated by Google. 
  * The second involves exploring sector-specific adaptations and outreach to other organizations.  They also discussed recruiting additional members with relevant risk and security management experience.
* **Workstream 3: Cloud Sector Focus:** 
  * J.R. suggested expanding Workstream 3 to include a cloud-specific focus, potentially collaborating with the Cloud Security Alliance. David liked this idea and proposed first discussing it internally within the companies with cloud offerings, before approaching the Cloud Security Alliance.
* **LLM Policy Usage:** 
  * The meeting noted that a link to the LLM policy usage document was provided in the meeting notes and would not be discussed further.
  * Lazy consensus was reached during the meeting and is sufficient to proceed with this policy.
* **RSA Plans:** 
  * Josiah gave an update on the TSC RSA presentation, confirming that it is near completion, and they plan to share it with the TSC and PGB.
  * David noted that Jane from OASIS is putting together a “know before you go” document which will be sent to the TSC list.

### Next steps & Actions
* Claudia will investigate why some meeting participants did not receive the meeting link in the invite.  
* Ingrid and Claudia will create a markdown file containing onboarding instructions for new workstream members, including links to Slack, CLA, and other relevant information. This file will be added to the relevant GitHub repository and linked in Google Drive.  
* Josiah will share the completed RSA presentation slides with the TSC and PGB.
