# CoSAI TSC Meeting 

## 4 November 2025

**Present:**  Andre Elizondo (Wiz), J.R. Rao (IBM), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Peng Ning (Google), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA \- joined 25 min. in), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic \- joined 30 min. in) 

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Jason Garman (Amazon), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco),  Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab) 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Joy Medellin (MC co-chair), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), David LaBianca (PGB co-chair, Google alternate)

*Quorum: 15 TSC members, 8 needed for quorum,* 

### Agenda

1. Discussion on alternate TSC meeting times  
2. Proposals for new workstreams  
3. Workstream progress:   
   1. Key Messages, Paper Outline and Timeline Review with TSC  
   2. MCP Security  
   3. Shared Security Framework  
   4. …

### Meeting Notes

* **Flywheel Model Proposal**  
  * J.R. raised the topic of structured guidance for going forward, referencing the email  from David LaBianca outlining a "flywheel model" for workstream. The model includes Stage 1 (creating guidance/expert content), Stage 2 (controls with 100% coverage, referencing the CoSAI Risk Map), and Stage 3 (materialized implementations). The proposal was shared to the [TSC mailing list](https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/cosai-tsc/message/221) before the meeting.  
  *  Jay expressed concern regarding the balance between internally developed material and accepted donated frameworks and tools, emphasizing the need for clarity on the split. He stressed the importance of maintaining neutrality as the PGB membership grows, suggesting that the risk of accepting outside contributions that are 70–80% complete is that scope creep or "king making" could occur, where a particular tool or format is inadvertently endorsed over others. David acknowledged these as real risks but maintained that the proposal does not presuppose an answer to this, noting that the TSC and PGB exist to figure out the specifics and that it is important to review these concerns explicitly when making decisions.  
* **New Workstream Proposals and WS Life Cycle**  
  *  J.R. presented two proposals for new workstreams: "Security of AI Assisted Code Development" and "Agent Development Life Cycle" (ADLC). Andre questioned whether workstreams should be long-lived or have a defined life cycle, expressing concern that proliferation of workstreams could lead to a critical mass, potentially diluting participation as members have limited time to dedicate. David preferred fewer workstreams, advocating for SIGs (Special Interest Groups) or sub-workstreams for temporal projects, with workstreams themselves serving as more long-term holding groups.  
  * Josiah raised concerns about dilution of effort if the group expands to five workstreams, suggesting that the TSC needs to focus on managing how work is initiated, the expected duration, and securing participation. Ian questioned if new workstreams would attract new participants or simply pull resources from existing workstreams, which already struggle with a small core of active contributors. Akila agreed that while dedicated efforts on timely topics like AI-assisted code security are needed, fragmentation could lead to a "Frankenstein monster" of controls, proposing an option where workstreams have "ebb and flows" of activity to manage resources and time utilization.  
* **Need for Orchestration and Prioritization at TSC Level**   
  * Andre suggested implementing a system of rough prioritization for workstream activities, perhaps with a quick activity matrix. He proposed rating activities (1 through 3\) to clearly communicate primary focus areas versus long-term ideation or research, allowing new members and existing leads to better self-organize and focus their efforts. Raghuram added that topics with tangible and immediate applicability, such as AI-assisted code development, tend to draw higher participation and faster deliverables compared to forward-looking research topics.  
* **Proposed TSC Checkpoint Process**  
  *  J.R. noted the discussions highlighted a need for more coordination and structure at the TSC level, especially to address inefficiencies seen during the paper revision process. J.R. proposed a lightweight TSC checkpoint process: before any SIG or workstream begins working on a topic, they should present key messages, an outline, and a timeline for their paper to the TSC for buy-in and to encourage cross-workstream participation. This is intended to save time on revisions and ensure output requires minimal editing before release.  
* **Neutrality in Artifact Production and Abstractions**   
  * Ian brought up the challenge of producing actionable artifacts that remain neutral and do not push a single company's product or offering too strongly, citing the example of agent identity and multiple providers. Akila countered that if a company is willing to dedicate resources to push a viewpoint, it is acceptable as one point of view, but stressed the risk if the community lacks the skill to represent competing views. Daniel suggested focusing on articulating "good abstractions" and defining the floor of a solution, and then using implementations as expressions of that abstraction, potentially hosting multiple examples in the same repository.  
  * David reinforced that CoSAI is comfortable with presenting multiple points of view and that including examples, even if only one vendor is represented, does not mean picking a winner. David suggested that highlighting a single example might even encourage other portions of the ecosystem to engage. Jay agreed, emphasizing that solutions should be framed as meeting a collectively agreed-upon control rather than being early, non-vetted solutions that could compromise the group's neutrality.  
* **Update on WS4 MCP Security Paper Rewrite**  
  * Ian provided an update on the rewrite of the MCP security paper, noting a significant reduction in length (from 50-80 pages to 26\) with better organization of threats, risks, and controls. They are aiming to finalize the remaining details, including an explicit mapping of controls to the flywheel concept, with a goal for Anthropic review by Thursday. David praised the work, stating that the new version has a strong narrative and is an amazing improvement.  
* **New Meeting Time Consideration**  
  *  J.R. mentioned that Akila had a conflict from 12:00 to 12:30 ET and was suggesting a potential meeting time change to half an hour later on Tuesdays or Thursdays. He sought feedback on this potential change. Daniel raised a concern that the 30-minute shift might cause more scheduling conflicts by straddling two common meeting slots. J.R. suggested a full hour shift, swapping times with WS2 to Tuesdays from 10 to 11 a.m. PT (1 to 2 p.m. Eastern), which Akila confirmed she could accommodate.   
  * J.R. asked Akila to send an email to the TSC regarding the proposed new time of 1 to 2:00 p.m. Eastern on Tuesdays, noting that there were no immediate thumbs down from the remaining attendees. 

### Next Steps and Action Items

* Ian will aim to have the rewritten MCP security paper ready for Anthropic review by Thursday at the latest.  
* Claudia will ensure that all workstream chairs, including Ian Molloy, are on the TSC mailing list to prevent missing important guidance.  
* J.R. and Akila will sync on how to move the rewritten MCP security paper forward for Anthropic review.  
* Ingrid will bring up the time shift for workstream 2 on the workstream team meeting call.  
* Akila will put the proposed time of Tuesdays from 1 to 2:00 p.m. Eastern in an email to TSC.
