# CoSAI TSC Meeting

# Date: 25 November 2025 -- DRAFT

**Present:** David Girard (Trend Micro), J.R. Rao (IBM), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), 

**Regrets:**  
Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Dan Mellen (EY), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Jason Garman (Amazon), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead), Zeal Somani (WS3 co-lead), Lane Wigglesworth (marketing committee), Joy Medellin (MC co-lead), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead)

*Quorum: 15 TSC members, 13 eligible to vote, 7 needed for quorum*

### Agenda

* Status of current P0 initiatives:   
  * WS1: Maturity Levels of Model Signing  
  * WS2: Shared Responsibility Framework  
  * WS3: COSAI-RM  
  * WS4: MCP Security, Agent Identity  
* New SIGS  
  * Secure Development of AI-assisted Code (in the context of CodeGuard)  
  * Security of Agent Development Lifecycle  
* AOB

### Summary

**WS4 MCP Security:** Collaborating with Anthropic on final review and comments. Targeting the 5 day TSC review, then Full Majority Vote by the TSC. Review period will start on December 1\.   PGB review will simultaneously start on December 1, followed by a 5 day PGB call for consensus, once the TSC has approved the paper.  

* The paper will also be shared to MCP Discord.  
* Final MCP paper publication and accompanying blog will need to be coordinated with Anthropic marketing.  
* Akila to provide Marketing contacts at Anthropic to Ingrid and Joy.  

**WS4 Agentic Identity:** The workstream created a new outline for the paper which improves   the presentation of the background as well as the framing of  Agenting Identity. Targeting the end of the year the completed draft.

* The group expressed a need for TSC reviewers for the Agentic Identity paper.    
* Ian asked if there are  TSC reps from companies that provide identity solutions,  mentioning Okta, Microsoft/AWS (Entra), Google and Protect AI/Palo Alto. Participants noted that Jason Garman is the TSC rep from AWS and David L. may have someone from Google to join WS4 to contribute and/or review.  

**WS2 Shared Responsibility Framework and Zero Trust:** The Shared Responsibility model SIG is in the process of resolving comments and incorporating feedback. The Zero Trust Architecture for AI Systems is at 90% completion but needs final smoothing efforts, adding a conclusion, and providing some organization and explanation to the main table.  

**WS3 Update**:  The group is continuing with CoSAI-RM work as well as focusing on completing the CoSAI Persona Model. WS3 changed their meeting schedule to bi-weekly meetings.

**WS1:**  The next TSC meeting will start with an update from WS1. 

**New SIG \- Security of AI-assisted Code Development:** The group discussed the need for a core group of volunteers.  Daniel mentioned a researcher in this space from NVIDIA who heâ€™d like to bring in after the holiday. Akila will task a participant from Anthropic but articulated a preference for Anthropic not to lead the effort. Shrey, who works on CodeGuard with Omar, expressed interest in participating. Jay will help find someone from Microsoft CoPilot and J.R. will find a volunteer from IBM.  

**New SIG \- Agentic SDLC:** The group is gauging interest & volunteers for this SIG. It was suggested to start with one new SIG (Security of AI-assisted Code Development) first and pending the success of this effort, start the next one in the near future.

**Next Steps for new SIG:** JR & Akila will compile a list  of participants. . They  suggested inviting the volunteers in an upcoming TSC meeting to explain the SIG goals. 

* Need to formally name the SIG. Once that has happened , OASIS staff will assist with setting up GitHub, Groups.IO and Google Drive assets.  
* J.R. raised a question on whether a vote for the SIGs and SIG leads was needed. Claudia noted there are no specific requirements  for SIGs in the Governance, so this can be handled via a call for consensus.   
* Claudia suggested sending a call for volunteers for the new SIG to the TSC mailing list.


### Next Steps and Actions

* Ingrid will let the CoSAI Marketing Content subcommittee know to start working on the blog to accompany the MCP Security paper publication.   
* The CoSAI Marketing Committee and OASIS internal marketing will coordinate the publication plan and timeline with Anthropic Marketing.  
* Akila will provide Anthropic Marketing contacts to Ingrid and MC chairs for coordination on the MCP Security paper.  
* Jay to help find Microsoft volunteers from Entra for Agentic Identity and CoPilot for the new Security of AI-assisted Code SIG.  J.R. and Akila will do the same from IBM and Anthropic for the Security of AI-assisted Code SIG.  
* J.R. and Akila will add the WS1 Update to the agenda for the next TSC meeting.
