# CoSAI TSC meeting -- DRAFT

## 20 May 2025

**Present:** Joshua Chou (PayPal),  J.R (IBM), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Omar Santos (Cisco), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Sean Lee (Intel),  Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Akila (Anthropic),

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Matt Saner (Amazon),  Michael Scovetta (Microsoft),  Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk),  Sean Morgan (Protect AI), Daniel Riedel (GenLab)

**Guests:** Claudia, Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), David L. (WS3 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Asmae Mhassni (Intel), David Kliemann (WS3 co-lead), Juliana Ball (MC co-chair)

### Agenda

1. Landscape Paper Status:  
   1. WS1 Landscape Paper Review and Associated FMV  
   2. WS2 Landscape Paper (WIP)  
   3. Logistics of Migrating to Git Artifact Repository  
2. Status Update on WS4 Security for Agentic Systems  
3. Any other business?

### Notes

* **Landscape Paper WS1 Ballot**  
  * J.R. provided an update on the landscape paper from WS1 and said that a [final draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17-Z6cB5EaZMXP1QPQN0R_L4bJ9guZL9S5ND1CnG8iq8/edit?usp=drive_link) has been shared with the TSC for approval.  
  * Claudia mentioned that a ballot link to approve this paper was shared via the TSC mailing list and Slack channel, with a deadline of Thursday, May 22\.  
  * She also clarified the voting process via the mailing list tool and that only primary TSC reps are eligible to vote.  
* **PGB Approval Process for WS1 paper**  
  *  J.R. discussed advancing the WS1 landscape paper to the PGB after the vote, anticipating this by the end of Thursday or beginning of Friday.  
  * Claudia clarified that after PGB notification, there is a 14-day review period, after which the PGB can vote by call for consensus  
  * David L. supported the suggestion to do a the call for consensus on the PGB level  
* **Markdown Version and Repository Location**   
  * J.R. mentioned creating a Markdown version of the WS1 landscape paper, which Claudia agreed to do. The document will reside in the WS1 repository, with major updates requiring further votes.  
  * David L. agreed with the workstream repository as the final location but suggested a link in a publications file elsewhere.  
* **Artifact Repository Discussion**  
  *  J.R introduced the topic of populating the artifact repository, considering the history of artifact creation.  
  * Claudia then detailed several points for alignment regarding the top-level repository, cosai-oasis/resources, including licensing (CC by 4 or Apache 2.0), maintainers (TSC leads, work chairs, workstream leads, and potentially others), identifying existing files for moving, and the process for new files.   
* **Licensing the Resources Repository**   
  * J.R initiated a discussion on the license for the resources repository, asking if it would be CC by 4 or Apache 2.0.  
  * David L. suggested CC by 4 as it's intended for documentation. Daniel raised a question about a consistent license if docs and code/tools were combined   
  * David L. proposed a separate resource hierarchy for code/tools under Apache v2, with resources being non-code and needing a process document.   
* **Defining "Resources"**   
  * The discussion continued around the definition of "resources," with David L. emphasizing it should not include produced code, while Daniel brought up the adoption of different licenses and potential legal issues.  
  * David L. clarified that resources are external standards and documents with CoSAI's commentary licensed under CC by 4, while tooling documentation would be under the tooling directory with Apache v2.   
  * Josiah questioned where internally generated framework reviews for potential tools should reside.  
  * David L. reiterated that resources are not primarily CoSAI's documents but rather references, with CoSAI's commentary being the licensed part. Daniel linked this to the "data is code" concept. J.R affirmed that the current repository is for background material (documents, URLs) under CC by 4, acknowledging the future blurring of data/code boundaries as a separate discussion.  
* **Permissions and Processes for the Repository**   
  * Akila stressed the importance of permission management for all CoSAI participants to interface with the repository.  
  * Akila inquired about adopting existing models from other open source groups. David L. and Omar supported creating a taxonomy of "resources", potentially as a pull request in the TSC GitHub.  
* **Workflow for Populating the Resources Repository**  
  *  J.R addressed Claudia's questions about where resources would be created (initially in workstreams) and who would manage migration to the top-level directory.  
  * Claudia suggested workstreams be responsible for indicating when files are ready (a "release") and for a maintainer from the workstream to move them to the resources repository.  
  * David L. suggested naming the repository "third party" or "external" resources. Daniel Rohrer US raised concerns about the permissive use implied by "resources" versus the potential restrictions of "references".  David L. agreed on the need for a clear definition of what goes into the repository and how it's used.  
  * Josiah mentioned that framework summaries and diagrams are intended resources, appearing internally generated.   
  *  J.R concluded the discussion, deciding to document the understanding of what goes into the repository and circulate it.  David L. suggested using a collaborative Google Doc for this within the TSC. Claudia agreed to initiate the document, including workstream leads.  
* **WS2 Landscape Paper Update**  
  *  J.R introduced the update on landscape paper two, led by Akila . Akila presented the current draft, noting it's a work in progress due to the artifact repository transition, and highlighted traffic light color-coding for sections.   
  * Akila detailed updates to the introduction, focusing on AI risks for defenders and for business, removing tables for better readability, and adding text on defender perspectives across different areas of the AI lifecycle.  
  * She also described the audience section, moving away from detailed tables to broader categories like strategic leadership, implementers, and engineers, with more specific breakdowns intended for the resources section.  
  * The section on general threats and the AI security framework landscape was discussed, including issues like conflicting terminology and overlapping scope, with links to the artifacts repo planned for shared vocabulary and available frameworks. The paper outlines government, industry, and academic frameworks, noting their strengths and weaknesses with references.   
  * CoSAI's perspective focuses on key assets, leading to depth focus papers on zero trust, incident response, threat modeling, and AI asset inventory/attack surface management.  
  * Akila sought feedback on missed workstream 2 pieces and how to integrate references. J.R recalled the creation of tables detailing AI system vulnerabilities and threats, mentioning Irakle's offer to help move this to the artifacts repo.  
* **Feedback on WS2 Landscape Paper**  
  * David L. suggested externalizing questions about where content should reside as tasks for broader participation.   
  * David L. also proposed future collaboration with workstream 3 to map threats and vulnerabilities onto the SAIF tooling.   
  * Omar commented positively on Akila's work and emphasized framing CoSAI's position on frameworks in terms of what CoSAI is using, rather than just critique. Omar also agreed that indexing and searching within repositories will help with organization.  
  *  J.R noted the challenges of organizing vulnerabilities in a GitHub file system, open to ideas.   
* **Indexability and Discoverability**   
  * Daniel raised the importance of indexability and discoverability for authoritative sources, mentioning "AI SEO" and suggested tagging and other methods to improve search engine ranking.  
  *  Juliana, co-chair of the CoSAI Marketing Committee, confirmed the concept of "generative engine optimization" (GEO) and the importance of source links and data.  
  *  Josiah supported splitting frameworks into separate files for better maintenance, adding new ones, and GEO alignment.  
* **Workstream Four Discussion Deferred**  
  *  J.R proposed deferring the deep dive into workstream 4 due to the limited remaining time. Future meetings will focus on deep dives into each workstream and their outputs.  
* **MCP Security Collaboration**   
  * Sarah raised a request for engagement with individuals working on MCP to ensure alignment on security aspects without undue criticism. Akila suggested initial connection via the public MCP Discord channel.   
  * Sarah confirmed plans for WS4 to initially focus on securing MCP related to Agentic aspects.

### Next Steps and Action Items

* David L. and Omar will advance the voted landscape paper one to the PGB on Friday.  
* Claudia will convert the landscape paper one document to markdown once it has been approved and share the artifact migration document on the CoSAI TSC drive.  
* The group will collaborate on the migration document in the TSC folder to define 'resources' for CoSAI, including content guidelines, permissions, and licensing.  
* Juliana Ball (Intel) will share information on Generative Engine Optimization (GEO).

