# CoSAI TSC meeting -- DRAFT

## 6 May 2025

**Present**:  Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Joshua Chou (PayPal),  J.R. Rao (IBM),  Matt Maloney (Cohere), Matt Saner (Amazon), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Sean Lee (Intel), 

**Regrets:**  Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Dan Mellen (EY), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Asmae Mhassni (Intel), Juliana Ball (Marketing Committee co-chair), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), David LaBianca (Google)

### Agenda

* 2025 RSAC Debrief and Takeaways  
* Communications from the PGB  
* Status of all four workstreams  
* Any other business

## Summary

* **RSA Conference Debrief and Takeways:**   
  * J.R. reported a successful RSA conference, highlighting positive booth traffic and in-person networking opportunities.   
  * Josiah reported a well-attended and well-received presentation on CoSAI's TSC work, noting significant interest in joining CoSAI from several organizations.  
  * RSA Booth Feedback: Kelly shared positive feedback on the CoSAI booth at RSA, emphasizing its busy traffic and the positive reception of the CoSAI logo and messaging. She also indicated that the OASIS team is processing 20-25 credible leads from the conference.  
* **RSA Key Takeaways and Questions:**  
  * Akila posed a question to the attendees about key questions or themes identified at RSA that could inform CoSAI's workstreams.   
  * Josiah discussed a "birds of a feather" session focused on the geopolitics and enterprise governance of model selection, noting concerns about indemnity and risk management.    
  * Kelly mentioned that many attendees showed familiarity with CoSAI.   
* **Tooling Discussion:**   
  * Daniel raised a key question about whether CoSAI should develop tools to support its work, supplementing documentation. He highlighted the rapid pace of AI development and the inadequacy of documentation alone to address the evolving needs.    
  * The following discussion explored various approaches, including incorporating expertise into tools rather than solely relying on long-form documents.  There was consideration of leveraging existing tools and collaborating with other organizations .  
  * Maintaining Tools:  J.R. and Akila acknowledged the significant commitment involved in maintaining open source tools and software.  They also underscored the need to strategically approach the development and maintenance of CoSAI tools.  The group discussed considering a phased approach, starting with small, tactical steps.  
* **Workstream 1 Update:**   
  * Matt provided updates on Workstream 1, focusing on the model signing and model card SIGs. He  reported progress on the framing paper for model signing and plans for future in-depth documentation.  The group discussed strategies for model signing, including supporting different approaches like SIG store and bring-your-own-key.  They aim to first target the broadest audience before addressing niche use cases.  
* **Workstream 2 Update**:  
  *  Josiah gave an update on Workstream 2's progress on the Incident Response (IR) for AI and Zero Trust for AI SIGs. He mentioned plans to produce white papers and playbooks by the end of June, and shared the desire for a growing repository of reference diagrams and shared resources.  He also noted interest in starting new SIGs on AI threat modeling and AI telemetry.  
* **Workstream 3 Update:**   
  * David discussed Workstream 3's progress, noting the impending donation from Google and the need for a new workstream lead to propel the work forward.  He emphasized the lack of a dedicated lead as a current bottleneck.   
  * Akila suggested a call for volunteers to fill this role.    
  * The discussion briefly touched upon the potential of merging Workstream 3 with Workstream 2\.  
* **Workstream 4 Update:**  
  * Ian briefly outlined the groupâ€™s progress, noting ongoing work on several interest groups, including identity access control, sandboxing, and red teaming. He highlighted the importance of turning philosophical discussions on agent identity into tangible recommendations.  
* **MCPs and Future Focus:**   
  * The discussion frequently returned to the topic of MCP, with an understanding that the landscape is rapidly changing.  The need for agility and a willingness to adjust priorities based on the evolving environment and feedback was emphasized. The concluding remarks reaffirmed the intention of shifting away from a sole focus on documents to incorporate tools and repositories more effectively.  
  * Daniel expressed a desire for a well-formed view of a robust MCP architecture with a focus on security. The group decided to address these issues offline, with Ian and David offering to coordinate with their respective teams.   
* **Meeting Cadence and Agenda**   
  * Akila proposed changing the meeting cadence to bi-weekly to allow workstream leads and members sufficient time to complete their work.  David expressed some concern, highlighting the importance of addressing critical open problems. Daniel suggested a compromise: workstreams would report every two weeks, even if working on other issues in between.    
  * Akila Srinivasan also proposed a more democratic agenda creation process and will send a reminder a few days ahead each meeting.

## Next Steps

* OASIS staff will support the outreach to find volunteers to lead WS3.  
* J.R. and Akila will set up a Slack reminder every Thursday to ask for agenda items for the next TSC meeting
