# CoSAI TSC Meeting Minutes

## Date: 25 March 2025 and 26 March 2025

**Present:**  Matt Maloney (Cohere), J.R. Rao (IBM),  Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Joshua Chou (PayPal),  Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic)

**Regrets:**   
Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard),, Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Matt Saner (Amazon),  Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Sean Lee (Intel), Sean Morgan (Protect AI) 

**Guests:**  
Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS),  Anna Drewek-Ossowicka (Intel), Jay White (Microsoft), David La Bianca (Google), Vinay Bansal (Cisco)

## Agenda

* Discussion on Next Steps for WS Landscape Documents (10’)  
* Discussion on Sub-Workstreams for WS1 and WS2 (David Kliemann from WS3 will not be available for the meeting tomorrow): We would like to structure the discussion as follows.  
* Each WS co-lead(s) will present their prioritized list of sub-workstreams.  
* We will have an open TSC discussion on what else should be included, what should be prioritized higher or lower, etc.  
* We will then pick the top three sub-workstreams by a simple vote (if we can indeed do that). This will guide future work of each workstream for the rest of the year.

## Summary

* **Landscape Paper Review and Next Steps:**  
  * J.R. announced that workstreams one and two's landscape papers were reviewed and would be further refined by David, Omar, and Akila for uniformity and readability.  They will focus on making the papers digestible and freeing up the co-leads to work on sub-workstreams.
* **Timeline for Landscape Paper Completion:**  
  * Targeting release before RSA (which is at the end of April).  David suggested a two-week timeline, aiming for an opportunistic release if possible. 
  * In response to a question raised about go live lead time, David explained that a TSC and then a PGB vote were  required, providing ample time for internal communication within the member organizations.   Claudia mentioning that a 14-day review period for the PGB is required by the [OASIS Open Project rules](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/open-projects-process/#releases-and-group-releases-designation)
  *  Presenting draft papers at RSA if the final papers are not ready would be acceptable as the papers would already be available on GitHub.
* **Workstream 2 Landscape Paper Contribution:** 
  * J.R. highlighted the extensive work of workstream 2 and suggested incorporating its findings into a common repository of artifacts for all workstreams.  This aims to create uniform templates and reduce redundant effort.
* **Workstream 3 Leadership:**
  *  J.R. announced that due to Lauren stepping down, David L. would serve as the interim co-lead for workstream 3\.  
* **Focus on Sub-Workstreams:** 
  * J.R. shifted the focus to sub-workstreams, suggesting  at least one deliverable (standards, frameworks, and potentially tools rather than solely white papers) per quarter from each workstream.  
* **Workstream 1 Sub-Workstreams:**
  *  Matt M. presented the proposed sub-workstreams: model-signing (highest priority), machine-readable model cards, and security levels.  The goal is to produce r an initial paper on model signing by the end of Q2 or early Q3.	
  * Andre explained the prioritization of model signing due to existing work within the OpenSSF Model Transparency Project. This would build upon existing foundations and bridge the gap to wider industry adoption.
  * Andre discussed machine-readable model cards, emphasizing standardization and potential gaps in existing model cards. 
  * Jay described the security levels sub-workstream, aiming to define a secure development lifecycle for models and establish security levels. He highlighted the potential for collaboration with other organizations.
  * Matt M. reported having roughly a quarter of the 60 subscribed workstream members already signed up for sub-workstreams, with plans to recruit more volunteers. David inquired about the feasibility of parallel versus sequential work on these sub-workstreams.
  * Akila expressed some concerns about the practicality of the security levels sub-workstream, emphasizing the need to consider the agile nature of model development. A consensus was reached to proceed with workstream 1's first two sub-workstreams (model signing and model cards) and to table workstream 3 for further consideration and discussion in the future.  
  * David emphasized the importance of reviewing the actual RFCs before making decisions. J.R. confirmed he and Akila had read all the RFCs. They decided to obtain consensus asynchronously via email to avoid delaying the vote. J.R. and Akila will draft an email to the TSC members seeking confirmation of their review and lack of objections. They anticipate that work will proceed on WS1 sub-workstreams one and two.
* An additional 30 minute meeting was scheduled for March 26, 11AM for discussion on WS 2 sub-workstreams


## Continuation of the TSC WS-subgroup discussion with WS2 

### Date:  26 March 2025

* **Clarification on Call for Objections:** 
  * David L. questioned the meeting's relation to a prior call for objections on Workstream 2\. J.R. clarified that, due to a scheduling oversight, the current discussion was effectively reopening the previous call for objections. Claudia confirmed they had no issue with this approach.
* **Sub-Workstream Proposals:** 
  * Josiah presented three proposed Requests for Comments (RFCs): threat modeling AI systems, AI incident response, and zero trust architecture for AI systems. 
  *  He also mentioned other RFCs with less developed specifications, including AI security metrics and security testing. 
  * These proposals were partially based on a previous vote in January, with consideration given to existing work and volunteer interest.
* **Threat Modeling AI Systems:**  
  * This RFC focuses on framework development to help defenders build accurate threat models for AI systems. The expected outcome is a framework and process for evaluating risks to AI systems.
* **AI Incident Response:** 
  * This RFC aims to define specific incident response procedures for AI systems, addressing challenges in forensics, indicators of compromise, and information sharing, with an emphasis on playbooks and mitigation strategies. It was noted that proactive countermeasures would be covered in separate RFCs.
* **Zero Trust Architecture for AI Systems:**
  * This RFC seeks to adapt the zero trust maturity model to AI systems, addressing challenges in US federal agency compliance and leveraging AI's capabilities for optimal zero trust implementation). 
* **Scope and Collaboration:**  
  * Concerns were raised regarding the broad scope of the proposed RFCs.  Suggestions included collaborating with other workstreams (e.g., Workstream 1 and 4\) to avoid overlap and incorporate relevant considerations like logging and supply chain security. 
  * The group also discussed refining their approach to focus on tangible, prescriptive deliverables in the coming weeks. They acknowledged the need for iterative refinement to manage scope creep, prevent losing participants, and ensure efficient progress.

## Next steps & Actions
* David, Omar, Akila, and J.R. will revise the landscape papers from Workstreams 1 and 2 to ensure uniformity, consistency, and readability, aiming for completion at the EOD Friday, March 28\.  
* David, Akila, and J.R. will integrate the workstream 2 landscape paper’s findings into a common repository of artifacts on the CoSAI GitHub.  
* Akila, J.R., and David will determine a process to provide at least one week’s notice before publishing the landscape papers, ensuring sufficient time for PGB voting and internal company communication.  
* Workstream 1 and Workstream 2 will finalize their RFCs, prioritize sub-workstreams, and aim for at least one deliverable per quarter.  
* J.R. and Akila will draft an email to the TSC members to confirm they have read the three WS2 RFCs and have no objections, ensuring the consensus process complies with Oasis recording requirements.  
✅ Claudia/Ingrid to invite the four WS4 co-leads to future TSC meetings.
* Josiah and Vinay will provide an update on the progress of their sub-efforts, including the balance of synchronous and asynchronous work and a comparison to initial expectations within two to three weeks.  
* Josiah and Vinay will define and present a more focused scope and tangible deliverables for each of their sub-efforts within two to three weeks.

