

# CoSAI TSC meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 22 April 2025

**Present**: Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), J.R. Rao (IBM),  Joshua Chou (PayPal),  Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Matt Maloney (Cohere),  Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Peng Ning (Google \- left after 30 min), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft \- left after 30 min.), Sean Lee (Intel), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA \- joined 30 minutes in),

**Regrets:** Dan Mellen (EY), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  Matt Saner (Amazon), Omar Santos (Cisco), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), 

**Guests**:  
Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Juliana Ball (Intel \- Marketing Committee co-lead), David LaBianca (Google), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Asmae Mhassni (Intel), Joshua Aguiar (Cohere), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)

### Agenda

* Update on Landscape Papers ⌛  
  * Request one para on each of the sub-workstreams for WS1 and WS2 (for landscape paper)  
  * Share Github Artifacts space with TSC ⌛  
* Chat about RSA presence ⌛  
  * Plans for meeting at RSA  
* Work streams to give an update WS1 to WS4 ⌛  
  * For are the depth focussed papers shaping

## Summary

* **Update on Landscape Papers:**  
  * Akila and J.R. requested a paragraph from each workstream summarizing their in-depth focus papers, including rationale, approach, and benefits to the security industry.  The goal is consistency in language across all papers.  
  * Akila and J.R. also reported that due to misaligned expectations, the professional editor was not contracted.  
  * They aimed to have a draft ready for RSA, though this was delayed.  
  * David suggested exploring better ways to engage tech writers from member organizations in open source contributions; he will bring this up at the next PGB meeting.  
  * Andre asked about the timeline for submitting the requested paragraphs. Akila asked to send them before the end of the week, prioritizing content over perfect grammar. David suggested bullet points might be quicker.  
  * Matt M. asked to clarify how to best communicate the status of the landscape papers, both internally and externally. David explained that until the papers are formally voted on, they are drafts, shareable but not officially published.    
  * Juliana (Marketing Committee co-lead) sought clarification on if and how to promote the landscape paper at RSA next week.  J.R. explained that the RSA document would be a markdown version on GitHub, highlighting in-progress work.  The goal is to have a near final draft at RSA.  Official PR, blog, etc. will not happen until the vote.  Targeting the end of May for publication.  
* **CoSAI Presence at RSA**  
  * Kelly announced an OASIS-hosted happy hour at the CoSAI booth on Monday at 5:30 PM.  
  * Juliana added that they were still seeking booth staffing support.  
  * An RSA briefing document was shared with the TSC, PGB and other CoSAI groups by Jane from OASIS via the mailing list.   
* **GitHub Artifact Space:**   
  * J.R. presented the newly created /resources repository for artifacts, including AI security and risk frameworks, and regulations from various geographies.  
  * Josiah suggested adding reference architectures for AI use cases.  
  * David suggested a flexible approach to maintaining the repository, allowing contributions from various sources, including workstreams and the Public Policy Committee (PSC). He also emphasized the need for shared ownership of materials across work streams to prevent duplication.  
* **Workstream 4 Update**:   
  * Sarah reported on workstream 4's progress, noting the formation of sub-teams to create RFCs and the goal to have some of them written after RSA.   
  * Ian added that they created a GitHub issue template and discussed merging overlapping topics.  
* **RFC Process Standardization:**   
  * Andre suggested standardizing the RFC process across all workstreams for consistency.   
  * Sarah and Ian volunteered to create a standardized process based on their experiences.  Andre volunteered to help.  
* **Workstream 3 Update:**   
  * David mentioned the focus on the proposal for adopting the CoSAI risk map and taxonomy, along with identifying long-term co-leads.  
* **Workstream 2 Update:**  
  * Josiah reported on the progress of the two SIGs, noting good attendance but a waning interest in the general workstream meeting.  He suggested that this is due to the time lag between landscape paper drafting and the current state.  
  * Akila suggested workstream leads identify skill needs for developing papers, potentially leveraging the PGB or company resources.  
  * Josiah noted that skills were already being organically addressed by member organizations bringing in experts but good to keep promoting.  
* **Workstream 1 Update:**   
  * Matt reported consistent attendance (12-15 people) in their two SIGs (model signing and model cards), but expressed concern about declining participation over time.   
  * The WS1 leads are planning a phased release approach for model signing, prioritizing educational materials and then more advanced details.    
* **SIGs and participation discussion:**  
  * Matt also discussed the need to identify owners within the SIGs to take some workload of the shoulders of the WS leads  
  * David proposed using a folder and README file structure within each SIG's GitHub repository to document their work. He stressed that Slack is not the ideal platform for onboarding and organizing due to the lack of a permanent message record. A stable and easily accessible resource is crucial for effective onboarding and scaling.  
  * Daniel suggested the work of the SIGs needs to be broken up into more manageable chunks, and then brought back together to make the overall output of the workstream is coherent.  
  * Sarah supported the idea of identifying owners for certain tasks and the SIG, because that would give them "status" which helps with accountability and engagement. The WS leads and TSC members could act as mentors.  Sarah also suggested having a leads meeting and volunteered to share insights from Kubernetes, on how to stay engaged  
  * J.R. agreed, noting the significance of the TSC meetings in supporting workstream leads and identifying challenges. 

## Next Steps

* The WS leads will provide bullet points summarizing their whitepapers, including approaches, and benefits to the security industry, by Thursday.  
* Sarah and Ian, with assistance from Andre, will create a standardized process for RFCs, potentially borrowing from existing patterns in OASIS or other projects. They will share their proposal with the TSC by the end of the week.  
* The next TSC meeting will be cancelled due to most members being at RSA conference

