
# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 26 August 2025

**Present:**  Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Matt Maloney (Cohere),  Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro),  J.R. Rao (IBM),  Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Joshua Chou (PayPal), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  Jason Garman (Amazon), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Sean Lee (Intel), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), David LaBianca (Google alternate, PGB co-chair), Alex Polyakov (WS4 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 9 needed for quorum, 9 in attendance*

### Agenda

* RSA submissions: [COSAI RSA 2026 Submissions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i-bfOrzxm_TUyWQhIlL7L-rP2KF8Oxta2wMvoiosqZk/edit?tab=t.uv9vutoipqzz)    
* P0 workstream check in

### Notes

* **RSA Submissions Overview**   
  * J.R. asked for an update on all RSA submissions that were due by Sunday midnight. Josiah provided an overview of submitted items, including a panel on Zero Trust in AI, a shared responsibility talk, and an Incident Response learning lab. Josiah also inquired if WS1 had submitted anything.  
* **Workstream 1 Updates**  
  * Andre stated that the Model Signing paper was almost ready for wrap-up, awaiting Daniel's help with a final question for NVIDIA to include workflow changes or details not covered in a high-level blog post. Daniel is working to obtain the necessary information. The aim was to highlight NVIDIA's existing signing workflow to enhance the paper's impact.  
* **TSC Review and Publication Process**   
  * Matt inquired if Akila and J.R. wanted to review the paper first before seeking additional TSC editors. Akila preferred starting the review process in parallel, suggesting that broader industry experts in supply chain security could also review the paper, provided they sign the CLA.  Rudy volunteered to be a reviewer.  
* **Proposed Timeline for Paper Releases**  
  *  J.R. proposed a target release date of Monday, September 15th, for the [WS1  Signing ML Artifacts](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M9Qld4qac8fRiw_ZtQs9KiO-VuSTziVdDrx6D3mQCic/edit?tab=t.ndv5j0v1n0a1#heading=h.yeo771ts9hfa) paper, aiming to complete TSC reviews by September 2nd and start the ballot then. Andre suggested a more realistic timeline, pushing the completion of changes to the end of the week, potentially resulting in a release by September 19th.  
* **Marketing and Communication Efforts**  
  * Ingrid will let the communications subcommittee know to start working on a blog post and PR for the paper, and Andre shared a link to the paper. Matt asked if the shared link should be to the GitHub draft or the Google Doc, with Ingrid confirming the Google Doc was acceptable.  
* **Accountability for Paper Releases**   
  * Akila expressed concern about ensuring accountability for meeting release timelines, especially if reviews were not completed on schedule. Daniel suggested a tracker to provide clear goalposts and telegraph the plan to reviewers, TSC, and PGB, ensuring a deliberate pipeline management process. Akila emphasized that Andre and Matt should alert to any blockers to ensure unhindered progress.  
* **Workstream 2 Updates**   
  * Josiah reported that the incident response paper had been out for review for five to six weeks, but engagement from reviewers was low, and a clear status on completion was pending. Daniel mentioned having notes but difficulty pushing them to a PR due to access issues. Josiah stated the Zero Trust for AI paper was expected to have an initial draft by the end of the current or next week, preparing it for TSC review and that the Shared responsibility paper is a few weeks away from review.  
* **Workstream 3 Updates**  
  * David noted that the TSC and PGB co-chairs still needed to formally assign leads for WS3. David, currently a stand-in lead, indicated that the donation of the SAIF was almost complete and would be forked into CoSAI by Tuesday next week. Daniel asked about the leadership for WS3, and David explained the need for a non-Googler and someone not on the PGB to lead the workstream due to potential conflicts of interest.  
  * David mentioned that self-nominated candidates for WS3 leadership positions existed. Claudia confirmed that the TSC, through lazy consensus, was responsible for selecting the leads. J.R. clarified that the goal was to fill two primary workstream lead positions, potentially with two additional secondary leads, similar to WS4.  
* **Workstream 4 Updates**  
  * Ian provided an update on the MCP security paper, stating that most requested additions, such as figures and details about TEEs, were incorporated but needed some tweaking. He also highlighted the need for a summary of the identity point of view to be added to the MCP paper, with a more complete view to follow as a separate, fast-follow paper. Ian outlined plans for a last call for comments within the next week or two, seeking external reviews and feedback.    
* **Addressing Company-Specific Perspectives**   
  * J.R. raised a question to the TSC regarding the comfort level of integrating company-specific points of view on MCP security and agentic identity into the papers. Daniel suggested that while companies would contribute their thoughts, complete alignment might not occur, and the papers should aim for an abstracted view that acknowledges different implementations. J.R. emphasized the importance of bringing the best thinking from various companies into CoSAI to avoid redundant efforts and establish CoSAI as the center of gravity for these topics.  
* **Challenges with Divergent Opinions and Communication**   
  * Akila acknowledged that individual contributors might face pressure regarding legal and marketing checks when sharing company viewpoints, potentially slowing progress. Ian noted that differing opinions on identity and access control among participants were contributing to slower consensus. Andre suggested that a consistent, centrally tracked document for feedback, driven by the TSC and PGB, would be more effective than individual outreach.  
* **Approach to Multiple Implementations and Best Practices**   
  * Akila expressed that it was acceptable for different approaches to exist, as CoSAI's value lay in shared perspectives toward a common goal. Daniel emphasized the need to acknowledge trade-offs in complex systems and guide users through different implementations rather than picking winners, as no single solution might be optimal for all scenarios. David reiterated that the intent was never a singular opinion but a unified view representing the community, encouraging the inclusion of multiple technical views as long as they were not fundamentally objectionable.  
* **Discussion on Draft Document with Strategic Update**  
  * Andre inquired about a strategic update document sent by Jason Clinton to the TSC for comments. J.R. explained that the document summarized discussions with Jason regarding Year 2 plans and potential changes to increase the organization's effectiveness, prompted by learnings from RSA and growing trends. Akila clarified that the paper was an opinionated baseline for the TSC to consider directional paths and set goalposts for the next year and encouraged the TSC members to review and comment.  
* **Meeting Cancellation and Review Reminders**  
  *  Akila suggested canceling the next meeting, scheduled right after Labor Day, if attendance was expected to be low.  J.R. confirmed the cancellation of the next meeting, scheduled for after Labor Day, to allow people to return from the holiday. David acknowledged that they were on the hook for reviewing the incident response paper and would complete it by the end of the night, asking Josiah to send the link.  
* **External Governance of AI Security**  
  * David raised a broader industry problem concerning the lack of governance around AI security in the ecosystem, posing the question of whether the AI community could self-govern its security standards rather than having an external body enforce them (like an "MPAA style" rating system). This was presented as an ongoing discussion within Google. David is seeking insights from other companies experiencing similar challenges.


### Next Steps and Action Items

* Ingrid will share the preliminary link to the WS1 model signing paper to the marketing committee's meeting tomorrow and task the communications subcommittee to start working on it.  
* J.R. will schedule a discussion session around the strategic update paper after Labor Day.  
* Josiah will email Daniel to reflect their comments from the email into the Incident Response paper.  
* Josiah will suggest a timeline for the zero trust paper and the shared responsibility paper to J.R. and Akila on Slack.  
* Ian will propose a timeline for the MCP security paper and the agentic identity paper for the next meeting.  
* Josiah will send David the link to the [Incident Response paper](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/ws2-defenders/blob/main/incident-response/AI%20Incident%20Response.md\)) for review.  
* Andre will send Akila a new copy of the updated model signing paper, and Akila will then send it to her team.  
* Ian to propose a timeline for the 2 papers: MCP Security and Agentic Identity.

