# CoSAI TSC meeting 

## 13 May 2025

**Present**:  Joshua Chou (PayPal), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro),  Omar Santos (Cisco), J.R. Rao (IBM), .Matt Maloney (Cohere), Peng Ning (Google), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic)

**Regrets:**  Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Matt Saner (Amazon), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Sean Lee (Intel),  Sean Morgan (Protect AI), Daniel Riedel (GenLab)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), David LaBianca (Google), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Ian Molloy (Intel, WS4 co-lead), Jay White (Microsoft, WS1 co-lead), Juliana Ball (Marketing Committee co-lead)

## Agenda
* Update on Landscape Papers:  
  * WS1 Landscape Paper \- assess readiness to advance for TSC Full Majority Vote  
  * WS2 Landscape Paper \- in process, and up next  
* This Week's Workstream Updates:  
  * Based on the discussion at the end of the TSC call last week, we will cover two workstreams per TSC call, so that a workstream update will happen every two weeks.  
  * Since we have usually short-changed WS3 and WS4, we would like to schedule them for tomorrow, with WS1 and WS2 being scheduled for next week  
* Any other business?

## Notes
* **Workstream Updates during TSC meetings:**  
  * J.R.proposed a change to the TSC meeting schedule where only two of the four workstreams would provide rolling updates at each meeting. This would allow workstreams three and four to present first in the current meeting and workstreams one and two to present in the next, giving each workstream more time before their next update.   
  * This is an informal and ad hoc suggestion that can be changed if the members disagree. The group agreed to this change.  
* **Landscape Papers Update:**  
  * J.R. initiated a discussion on the landscape papers, specifically WS 1's revised paper, which had been shared with workstream leads for review.   
  * The goal was to identify any showstoppers and, if none, to move the paper to markdown and proceed to a full TSC vote which is required before the PGB can approve the release.   
  * Matt M. expressed appreciation for the thorough review and the improved consistency of the paper, noting the deliberate overlap between model generation and consumption sections to cater to different audiences.  
  * J.R. proposed sending the near-final draft of the landscape paper to the TSC for a full majority vote, aiming for a vote to start this week  
  * Claudia will provide language for the ballot and start it on the mailing list tool.  
* **Marketing and Communication Strategy for Landscape Papers**  
  * David suggested creating a one or two-page "greatest hits" summary for the landscape papers to make them more accessible, especially to executive-level audiences.   
  * Juliana, the Marketing Committee co-lead, mentioned that they are planning a press release that combines the papers with other announcements and proposed creating blog summaries for easier social media marketing and broader audience engagement.   
  * J.R. offered to help with creating a one-pager for the current landscape paper.  
* **TSC Resources Repo:**  
  * David raised the question of how to introduce TSC resources consistently across papers, suggesting either boilerplate text or a separate introduction.  
  * Akila emphasized the need for cross-linking to ensure resources are easily accessible, suggesting GitHub as a central location with the website providing pointers. OASIS staff will review this topic.  
  * Claudia highlighted the technical challenges of moving files and preserving history across repositories and suggested a dedicated meeting to discuss the strategy for managing and providing visibility to these resources.  
  * A consensus was reached to create a document defining the strategy for resources and tooling.  
* **Resources Repository Structure and Naming**   
  * David proposed creating top-level directories in the CoSAI-OASIS GitHub for "resources" and "secure AI tooling". This was agreed upon by lazy consensus.   
  * For the initial tooling (risk map and assessment), the proposed name is "Coalition for Secure AI Risk Map and Assessment" within the "Secure AI tooling" repository.
* **Call for Maintainers for Resources repo**  
  * Akila  raised the need for volunteers from the TSC to help maintain the GitHub repository for common artifacts and resources, ensuring it remains up-to-date and usable by all workstreams.   
  * David and Omar agreed to work with J.R. Rao and Akila on a call for action to the PGB for volunteers to assist with both shared resources and secure AI tooling.   
* **Timeline for Workstream Papers**  
  * Juliana inquired about the timeline for the WS2 and WS3 papers.  
  * J.R. is anticipating a draft for WS2 within one to two weeks, contingent on resolving framework reference issues.  
  * David stated that WS3's deliverable is more focused on the SAIF contribution rather than a paper, with a timeline that aligns with the CoSAI launch anniversary in late June or July.   
  * Juliana expressed a preference for promoting all three (or at least the first two and mentioning the third in a blog) around the same time.  
* **Workstream 3 Update**  
  * David discussed the reset of WS3, now focused on the upcoming Google-donated risk map and assessment tooling  
  * David acknowledged the need for a formal call to action for new co-leads and contributors for Workstream 3, noting that they have potential candidates but need to assess their availability.  
  * He mentioned a document created by Ingrid for this call to action, which will outline the required skills and engagement types, including those with open-source project management experience and those with deep security and risk knowledge.   
  * The call will also target individuals comfortable with web-based applications and passionate about risk and security practices.  
* **SAIF Donation Status and Naming**  
  * David reported that all formal approvals at Google for the code donation are complete, and they are currently undergoing the open-source release process, which is expected to take a couple of weeks.  
  * He will share relevant documents in the WS3 Google Drive soon and aims to demo an isolated version of the tooling as early as next week.   
* **WS3 Collaboration with WS4**  
  * David suggested that one of the first enhancements to the risk map post-donation could be integrating an "agent overlay," in collaboration with WS4.  Ian asked David to send the reference for discussion at the next WS4 meeting.  
  * He proposed starting to think about the initial agent-related elements to add to the risk map diagram and expanding the assessment to other areas. This work could begin almost immediately using collaborative documents.   
* **Next steps for WS3**  
  * David wants to start outreach to two industries to discuss CoSAI's upcoming risk map and assessment. David suggests financial services as one industry due to existing connections but seeks input from the TSC on a second industry with the right investment and in an opinionated domain.   
  * Josiah suggested Healthcare as the second industry  
  * J.R. emphasized the need to salvage workstream three and agreed with David’s suggestion regarding industry-specific approaches.   
  * J.R. suggests a meeting between David, Omar, Akila, and themself to discuss these actions further.

### Next Steps and Action Items
* Claudia to initiate the ballot to approve V1 of the WS1 landscape paper  
* Matt, Andre and Jay will collaborate with Juliana and the marketing committee to develop a one-pager summarizing the landscape paper's key elements.  
* David and Omar will work with J.R. and Akila to create a call for volunteers to maintain the common artifact and resources repo.  
* Claudia Rauch will share the Git migration solution offline – completed  
* The group agrees via lazy consensus to move resources and secure AI tooling to new repositories with the names 'resources' and 'secure AI tooling'.  
* David, J.R., Akila, and Omar will collaborate to establish a plan for industry outreach actions and schedule a meeting, potentially on Friday afternoon, to discuss engaging more contributors.  
  
