# CoSAI TSC Meeting 

## 9 September 2025

**Present:**  J.R. Rao (IBM), Omar Santos (Cisco), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Jason Garman (Amazon), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Joshua Chou (PayPal – joined 15 min. in), Sean Lee (Intel)

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY),  Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), David LaBianca (PGB co-chair), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 9 needed for quorum, 10 members present*

### Agenda

* P0 Initiatives:  
  * Call for TSC Co-Chair Review,  TSC Review and TSC FMV for  
    * Signing and Attestation of Models  
    * Incident Response paper  
  * Status of MCP Security paper  
* Discussion on Jason Clinton’s Paper:  
  * Implications for Year 2 of CoSAI TSC Focus  
* Any other business?

### Meeting Notes

* **Voting Process**  
  * J.R. and Claudia discussed the process for initiating a full TSC review and full majority vote for workstream papers, agreeing on a seven-day ballot period to allow for concurrent review and voting.  
* **Signing and Attestation of Models Paper, WS1**  
  * Andre reported receiving three reviews for the paper on signing and attestation of models, with one from Rudy and additional reviews from Akila and Vinay. J.R. proposed moving forward with a full TSC review and majority vote. Omar offered to follow up with Vinay regarding an open comment to avoid delaying the process.  
  * Akila praised the signing and attestation paper but suggested condensing some content upfront due to its 16-page length. David proposed connecting the authors with the new marketing committee leads, Casey and Joy, to develop a blog post introduction for the paper. Ingrid updated that Casey had already prepared a blog post and media  kit, which she would circulate for review.  
* **WS2 Incident Response Paper Review & Timeline**  
  * J.R. proposed a similar timeline for the instant response paper, suggesting a TSC review and full majority vote by September 16th. However, David questioned if comments from reviewers had been addressed, noting that the document needed to be in a completed state before moving forward. Daniel and Omar also commented on the document's length, with Daniel suggesting a longer review period of 10 days due to its 70+ pages.  
* **Paper Length and Consumability**  
  * J.R. acknowledged the significant length of the 70-page incident response paper and emphasized the need to condense it for better consumability. David suggested that long content could be broken into multiple, shorter documents that build on each other, tied together with a README. Josiah argued against curbing content, suggesting that users would likely employ tools to navigate lengthy documents and that the value lay in detailed examples.  
  * Josiah recommended a longer review cycle for the incident response paper and highlighted the need for a clear upfront explanation of what makes the document unique. Daniel, while defending the 70-page document, emphasized the importance of maintaining a uniform voice across the content, especially if it were to be broken into smaller pieces, to ensure coherence and prevent inconsistencies. David concurred on the importance of a singular voice for professional work.  
* **Actionable Guidance and Future Deliverables**  
  * Omar suggested creating a "digest" version of long documents for human consumption, perhaps as a three-page executive summary, to make it more actionable. He also proposed framing deliverables for automated systems that can take action on the guidance. David noted that with users increasingly relying on LLMs for first passes on documents, the length of papers might become less critical, but consistency and professional editing remain essential.  
* **Evolution of Deliverables and Living Documents**  
  * Daniel introduced the concept of "living collections" rather than "living documents," suggesting that active maintenance should focus on elements like Git repositories, tools, and source code, rather than static documents that enshrine relatively stable first principles. Josiah proposed including useful prompts with publications to provide more actionable tooling. Daniel gave an example of policy scripts being pointers to Git repos for immediate consumption rather than embedded in documents.  
* **WS4 MCP Security Paper Update**  
  * Ian provided an update on the MCP security paper, noting it is currently around 50 pages but will be condensed. The team has a deadline of the 11th for additional content and will be adding a conclusion and executive summary. Sarah added that two individuals would review the paper, one from  WS4 and a new person to assess it as a potential consumer.  
* **Collaboration with Anthropic**  
  * Akila inquired about the status of a scheduled call with Anthropic, noting itsimportance for legitimizing CoSAI's efforts through potential public blog posts and Anthropic’s trust center publications. Sarah confirmed that times would be offered for the meeting soon. J.R. stressed the need to capitalize on this unique opportunity and accelerate progress.  
* **Jason's Strategic Direction Document and Year 2 Plans**  
  * Akila introduced Jason's strategic direction document, a thought piece on future directions for CoSAI's work, which included discussions on scaling laws. Omar confirmed support for Jason's document from the PGB, noting the need to align CoSAI's work with the rapidly evolving AI landscape. Akila initiated a discussion on how participants felt about the scaling laws mentioned in the document and the pace of AI.  
* **AI Agent Clonability and Security Risks**  
  * David highlighted the risk of agents being infinitely clonable, which differentiates them from human security and requires more granular authorization and privileging. Daniel agreed, suggesting that an employee could be considered a collection of a dozen agents, and existing models for access control are insufficient. Akila emphasized that the scale of operation, with one human potentially managing thousands of agents, presents a unique challenge for trustworthiness and provenance.  
* **Supply Chain Security of AI Agents**  
  * Andre suggested that the supply chain of actions and individual components within an agent system, including tools and models, needs collective trust and will amplify existing AI supply chain problems. David brought up prompt injection, noting the differing views on its solvability between AI labs and security professionals, and the challenge for CoSAI to find a balanced narrative. Akila also noted that LLMs lower the bar of knowledge for attackers, making baseline defenses and targeted approaches for appsec vulnerabilities crucial.  
* **Redefining SDLC**  
  * Omar emphasized the opportunity to redefine the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) given the current landscape of coding agents and workflow files. He believes this redefinition can help the community get ahead of evolving challenges and improve current practices.  
* **LLM-enabled Applications and Security**  
  * David raised concerns about the "bolt-on security" approach for apps enabled by Large Language Models (LLMs), which he views as a potentially dangerous practice in application security. He stressed the importance of discussing how practitioners can use LLMs to genuinely improve apps rather than simply adding security as an afterthought.  
* **Document Publication Strategy**  
  * Claudia mentioned the goal of reaching consensus on the document by the end of the week for publication. David clarified that the aim is to publish the document next week with caveats, presenting it as "a view from CoSAI" rather than waiting for full consensus from every company, to avoid delays.   
* **Workstream 3 Progress and Content Governance**  
  * David updated the group on WS3's progress, noting that they have been driving content forward in the security tooling repository. He announced an upcoming proposal for new controls to add to the dataset, detailing a two-step governance approach in GitHub for technical approval and content agreement by CoSAI. David and Omar will work on a reproducible method for proposing new content to the group, emphasizing the need for the TSC to review the initial set of proposed controls.

### Next Steps and Action Items

* Claudia will send out a note requesting a TSC review and initiate a full majority vote for the signing and attestation of models paper by September 16th.  
* Ingrid will circulate the blog and mediakit for the signing and attestation of models paper to WS1 co-chairs, PGB co-chairs and TSC co-chairs for review.  
* Akila will create a temporary Slack channel to discuss the strategic direction of CoSAI.

