# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 15 July 2025

**Present:** Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic),  J.R. Rao (IBM),  Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Sean Lee (Intel), Joshua Chou (PayPal), Peng Ning (Google), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA),

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Matt Saner (Amazon), Omar Santos (Cisco),  Rudy Lai (Snyk), Sean Morgan (Protect AI),

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), David LaBianca (Google alternate), Juliana Ball (MC co-chair), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-chair), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead / Cisco Alternate), Joshua Aguiar (Cohere alternate)

*Quorum: 19 TSC members, 10 needed for quorum*

## Agenda

* Status Update:  
  * Update on Security Principles for Agentic Systems, including plan finalizing, blogging, and announcements.  
  * Finalizing Googleâ€™s donation of SAIF data and expectation  
* Operationalizing P0 priorities and status  
* Next week: UK's Department for Science, Innovation and Technology (DSIT)  
* Any other business?

## Notes

* **One-Year Anniversary of CoSAI**  
  * J.R. celebrated the one-year anniversary of the group, highlighting significant announcements planned for the week, including a press release.  
* **CoSAI Principles for Secure-by-Design Agentic Systems**  
  * J.R. announced that the security principles for agentic systems document has been published in t[he TSC repo on GitHub](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/cosai-tsc/blob/main/security-principles-for-agentic-systems.md), acknowledging the team's efforts in its creation. He noted that the document is considered a living document to be evaluated ongoing.  
  * J.R. mentioned the readiness of a blog post announcing the COSAI principles, co-authored with David. Ingrid discussed publishing the blog post on the CoSAI website, ideally tomorrow, while ensuring all internal processes, including reviews from board members like Omar and Akila, are completed today.  
  * David confirmed that the blog post would be ready by the end of the day and committed to coordinating offline with Ingrid to finalize publication logistics. The goal is to publish the Agentic Principles blog tomorrow, following the WS2 blog release today.  
* **Integration of Agentic Principles into WS 4**   
  * David suggested integrating the agentic principles document into the WS4 repo, potentially starting with updates to the readme files. Sarah confirmed they were already working on adding pointers in the WS4  readme and the TSC readme. Ian agreed with the pointer approach, highlighting that WS4 would now be responsible for executing on and developing the work related to these principles.  
* **Progress on P0 Items**  
  * Akila asked for updates on P0 items. Andre reported that WS1 is focused on model signing, aiming for a draft by late July or early August, and that the paper is shaping up well despite being slightly longer than intended.  He also mentioned a shorter paper standardizing model vulnerabilities as a fast follow-up.  
  * Akila inquired about the level of involvement from the broader WS1 in writing and editing the model signing paper. Andre confirmed significant support from new contributors and active involvement from OpenSSF model signing project members, which is positive for broader engagement.   
  * J.R. emphasized the need for quick progress and coordination with the marketing team for timely blog publication, outlining the process involving TSC review and consensus.  
  * Andre clarified that while a meaningful draft of the model signing paper is expected by late July/early August, a full TSC and PGB vote for release by that timeframe is a stretch, aiming for final content completion and consistency instead.   
  * Ian updated on WS4's progress on MCP security guidance, noting their first meeting with Anthropic is scheduled for tomorrow. He addressed the large volume of content, which spans about 83 pages, and is considering breaking it into two papers: one on current practices and another on community engagement. Akila suggested involving additional editors from WS4 to help cut down content effectively while preserving essential information.  
  * J.R. and Akila inquired about the status of the shared responsibility framework, which was moved from Workstream 3 to Workstream 2\. Vinay confirmed that there has been interest in the topic and that a bi-weekly meeting is scheduled after the current call to discuss it further. Josiah mentioned that Omar offered to lead the effort, and a Slack group was formed with interested individuals from various organizations, though activity has been low due to vacations.  
* **Reorganization of WS3 and SAIF Data**   
  * David suggested a refreshed discussion around WS3's future, including whether it should be formally dissolved or reset, and where efforts like shared accountability and SAIF data should land. Akila proposed an async discussion with all workstream leads to determine which workstream would adopt and maintain SAIF moving forward. David confirmed they have contracted parties and internal Google maintainers, as well as interested individuals from Cisco, IBM, and WS2, to support the SAIF data development. Josiah confirmed he would present the SAIF document in the WS2 meeting to illustrate its integration with other CoSAI efforts.  
  * J.R. inquired about any planned blogs or press releases regarding Google's donation of SAIF data. David indicated that the first mention would be in the Aspen press release, with a larger announcement to follow later, as it was too late in the current cycle for a comprehensive release this week.  
* **Workstream 2: Incident Response Paper Review**  
  * Vinay updated on the incident response paper, noting it is a P1 item and has reached a fair draft state. He is seeking early feedback and reviews from the community, as the original authors have completed their contributions. J.R. suggested Vinay post a request for review on the TSC mailing list, and Daniel immediately volunteered to review the document.  
* **Content Discoverability and Organization**  
  * Daniel raised a crucial question about the discoverability strategy for linking related documents across workstreams, especially given the anticipated volume of content. Sarah and Ian acknowledged the need for better interlinking but stated no such strategy is currently in place. David suggested focusing on establishing a model within a single workstream first before scaling it across all workstreams. Claudia proposed using the GitHub organization readme and adding a publications tab on the CoSAI website for discoverability. Akila emphasized that workstream leads should have strong opinions on organizing information for both members and external audiences.  
* **Impact Tracking and Community Engagement**   
  * Akila inquired about tracking the reception and impact of published landscape papers, specifically WS1. Andre reported limited re-sharing on LinkedIn and low pickup from typical PR channels for the press release, asking if this was expected. Juliana clarified that smaller press releases often do not go on the wire for mainstream media, leading to lower broad press pickup. Daniel questioned the coordination of PR efforts and the effectiveness of the marketing committee, suggesting a more active, coordinated approach to amplify key releases, especially for impactful papers like the agentic principles. Juliana noted that engagement on the marketing committee is low and stressed the importance of individual participation in marketing efforts like social media amplification.  
  * Akila emphasized the need for a feedback loop to determine if content reaches the right audience and is useful to stakeholders, acknowledging that they are one of many foundations pushing out information. J.R. suggested establishing methods for both pushing messages out and collecting feedback, considering various channels like blogs, PRs, LinkedIn, and X, and discussing whether they are using the right forums. Daniel asked about tracking pull rates on GitHub content as a measure of impact, which J.R. identified as an open question for guidance from OASIS.

## Next Steps

* TSC to review WS2 Incidence response paper shared by Vinay
