# CoSAI TSC Meeting

## 12 August 2025

**Present:**  Tim Burress (GenLab), Andre Elizondo (Wiz),  J.R. Rao (IBM), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Joshua Chou (PayPal),  Sean Lee (Intel),  Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), 

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI),  Jason Garman (Amazon),  Michael Scovetta (Microsoft),  Rudy Lai (Snyk), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Barak Sharoni (Wiz), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 9 needed for quorum, 11 in attendance*

### Agenda

* P0 Reviews for Workstream 2:   
  * Incident Response Paper Review  
* Developments at BlackHat/DefCon  
  * Coding agents/assistants and agents for vulnerability discovery and patching  
  * MCP Security  
  * Open discussion  
* RSAC 2026 submissions (due Aug 18\)  
* Member collaborative PRs \- amplify our publications, draft 2H release calendar for MKT planning

### Notes 

* **New TSC member introduction**  
  * Tim introduced himself as the new TSC member for GenLab. He has 20 years of experience in cybersecurity and recently became involved with an AI safety consortium in Japan.   
* **Collaborative PR Efforts**   
  * Josiah suggested coordinating press releases with member companies and creating a schedule for upcoming releases to inform marketing departments about upcoming announcements. Ingrid confirmed the marketing committee's interest in collaborative messaging and mentioned a PR subcommittee with an existing plan for upcoming PRs.  
* **Updated Meeting Agenda**   
  * Akila suggested swapping the agenda to prioritize the RSA submissions discussion due to its urgency, followed by a debrief on Black Hat Defcon and year two activities. J.R. agreed with this proposal.  
* **RSA Conference Submissions for 2026**   
  * Josiah introduced the topic of RSA submissions for 2026, stating that the CfP deadline is next Monday, August 18\. He suggested that a co-presentation submission for each workstream, a panel submission, and a workshop submission would be good and that he is working with Jane from OASIS to get these submissions in.  
* **Shared Submission Document**  
  * Akila created an ["RSA 2026 submission" document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i-bfOrzxm_TUyWQhIlL7L-rP2KF8Oxta2wMvoiosqZk/edit?usp=sharing) within the TSC folder and encouraged workstream leads to add their topics and speaker recommendations there to streamline the submission process.   
* **Strategic Topic Selection for RSA**   
  * J.R. advised being strategic about topic choices for RSA, suggesting that partnerships with entities like Anthropic could increase the chances of acceptance due to added credibility. Omar recommended considering whether topics offer updates, relate to completed deliverables, or focus on future work, as well as prioritizing topics with authoritative speakers.  
* **Workstream 1 Talk Proposal**  
  * Matt mentioned that WS1 plans to submit a talk based on their upcoming paper on "building tamperproof ML metadata records". He also discussed focusing on higher maturity levels of signing, such as custom attestations for testing and safety.  
  * Akila cautioned against going too deep into implementation details for RSA presentations, as the audience is technical but not always focused on deep-dive implementation. She suggested bridging concepts between supply chain for code and model artifacts, explaining model signing, and providing confidence in model integrity.  
* **Vendor Solutions and Open Source Integration**  
  * Daniel questioned whether CoSAI should engage tool vendors to incorporate their work, highlighting the need for solutions rather than just papers or code. Akila supported integrating open-source libraries like Nyx and PyTorch to make implementation easier for enterprises.  
* **Large Model Artifacts and Independent Validation**  
  * Matt brought up the challenge of verifying large model artifacts (hundreds of gigabytes) locally and proposed the idea of an independent party or site that validates these artifacts and hosts their metadata.   
* **Workstream 2 Talk Proposal**  
  * Josiah shared his plans for a RSA submission on the topic of  "Zero Trust for AI". He also suggested a workshop submission on "Incident Response for AI," focusing on developing playbooks and operationalizing deliverables.  
* **TSC Panel Suggestion**  
  * Josiah advocated for a TSC panel submission, emphasizing that CoSAI's strength lies in cross-industry collaboration, which is viewed favorably by RSA.  
* **AI Code Assistance and Vulnerability Management**   
  * J.R. noted the interest in code assistance and vulnerability management agents stemming from DARPA's Artificial Intelligence Cyber Challenge (AIxCC), suggesting CoSAI could inform defenders in this space. Omar added that AI's ability to create and review code raises questions about the SDLC of AI agents and how to prevent AI from introducing security problems.  
* **Model Testing and Evaluation**   
  * Daniel discussed the need for test data sets or rubrics to evaluate AI models and agents, especially given the rapid changes in models. Omar specifically mentioned the need for a security-specific model evaluation benchmark, potentially building on existing efforts from the AI village.  
* **AI Vulnerabilities and Automation**  
  * Josiah highlighted the lack of focus on AI vulnerabilities within WS2 and expressed a desire to donate a curated list of AI vulnerabilities and associated automation to CoSAI. Daniel emphasized the need to accelerate efforts in addressing these challenges, including using AI itself for this purpose.  
* **Workstream 4 Talk Proposal**  
  * Ian discussed the difficulty of predicting protocol versions for RSA but suggested focusing on best practices or reference stacks for securing agents, including different types of protections like gateways. Josiah reinforced the importance of the collaboration story between CoSAI and Anthropic on MCP security for RSA submissions.  
* **Challenges in MCP Security**   
  * Akila advised coming to Anthropic with a strongly held opinion on design specifications for MCP security, as they are actively seeking partnerships and are often "underwater". Ian pointed out that authorization and delegation are significant discussion points within the MCP communities, with little agreement.  
* **Call for Marketing Co-Lead**   
  * Omar announced that the PGB initiated a call for participation for a co-lead for the marketing team, as one of the current leads is departing.  
* **Other marketing activities**  
  * Omar proposed exploring other creative avenues beyond just conference submissions, such as adding slides to member companies' presentations to highlight CoSAI's activities, creating small videos, or repurposing content.  
* **WS2 Incident Response Paper Review**  
  * Josiah provided an update on the “Incident Response for AI” paper from WS2, stating that it has undergone some reviews but still requires more TSC input before reaching a final state.  J.R. confirmed that they and Akila would review the paper and provide feedback before it is sent to the TSC, PGB, and subsequently published.  
* **WS2 Zero Trust Paper update**  
  * Josiah reported that the zero-trust for AI white paper is approximately two weeks from its first deliverable, with a draft expected by the end of August. He noted that the paper has been extensively redrafted and co-reviewed.**WS 2 Shared Responsibility Model for Agentic AI Security**   
  * Josiah then talked about the shared responsibility model for Agentic AI security and aims to provide an early draft to the TSC next week due to its high priority. He emphasized the need for input from Ian and Sarah and highlighted that several contributors have already made substantial contributions to the model.  
* **Review and Release Schedule**   
  * J.R. expressed optimism about releasing two papers—the signing paper and the Incident response paper—within the current month. Akila inquired about the deadline for their review of the paper, and Josiah indicated it should be as soon as possible

### Next Steps and Action Items

* Josiah will craft a submission around the Zero Trust for AI topic and ensure something is drafted for RSA submissions by the end of Thursday.  
* Akila, Claudia and J.R. will try to put together a proposal for a panel discussion.  
* Josiah will provide a very early draft of the shared responsibility model next week.  
* J.R. and Akila will review the Incident Response paper and provide feedback.


  
