# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

## 9 December 2025

**Present:**  J.R. Rao (IBM), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Andre Elizondo (Wiz \- left 30 min. in), Debadatta Mishra (EY), Jason Garman (Amazon),

**Regrets:**  
Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer),  Omar Santos (Cisco), Parthy Chandrasekaran (Trend Micro) Peng Ning (Google), Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), David Girad (Trend Micro alternate), Christina Freeman (WS3 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), David LaBianca (Google alternate), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead), Josiah Hagen (WS2 co-lead), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead), Zeal Somani (WS3 co-lead), Joy Medellin (Marketing Committee co-chair), Asmae Mhassni (Intel alternate), Aaron Carter (Cisco alternate)

*Quorum: 15 TSC members, 12 eligible to vote, 7 needed for quorum*

### Agenda

* **WS4 MCP Security Paper Status and Voting**  
  * Ian and Sarah provided an update on the MCP security paper, stating that feedback has been generally positive and helpful, suggesting that net new work or reframing could be addressed in follow-on documents. They requested a vote on the paper, and Ian noted that they merged PRs, including one on logging, open telemetry, and elicitation, preparing the document for the vote. Claudia confirmed she would initiate the vote after the meeting, urging voting members to add the vote this week.  
  * David L. raised concerns about scheduling the PGB call for consensus (which requires no objections) next week due to the holidays and potential lack of email readership. Claudia suggested waiting until January for the PGB vote due to the risk of members missing the email. Ingrid suggested moving forward with coordination with Anthropic to review th blog and blog development in the interim.  
* **New Agentic AI Foundation**  
  * J.R. brought up the news that Anthropic donated the Model Context Protocol (MCP) to the  Linux Foundation, establishing a new Agentic AI Foundation (AAIF) with eight founding members, which the TSC needs to monitor. David L. suggested waiting to see how the foundation launches, particularly whether they establish a security subcommittee, to determine coordination efforts. Sarah, as a consultant for MCP governance, is working on governance recommendations, including formalizing a security group for the project, which could eventually extend to the broader Agentic AI Foundation, though it is still early days.  
* **WS4 Agentic AI Identity Paper**  
  * Ian reported that the Agentic AI identity paper has a new outline, and the team is meeting to review it and begin drafting, with plans to revisit it early next year, especially since the vote on the MCP paper is also being pushed.  
* **WS1 Progress on Maturity Levels for Signing**   
  * Andre reported that WS1 is focused on clarifying the definitions for level two and level three of the maturity levels for signing paper, leading to good discussion and alignment. WS1 is aiming for an initial draft to be shared closer to the end of January, a delay from the initial plan, which they believe will ensure a higher quality paper.  
* **WS1 Short-Form Content Strategy**  
  * Matt suggested creating shorter-form blog posts on model signing challenges and benefits, as well as differences between model signing and traditional software signing. They believe these shorter documents could be released quicker than the full paper, possibly before the paper's January release. J.R. mentioned a new modality discussed at the PGB for podcast/vlogcast or panel-style communication, which could be used by all workstreams early next year to disseminate messages, such as the difference in signing models.  
* **WS2 Deliverables and Review Needs**  
  * Josiah confirmed that the [zero-trust pape](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nRpGE7pZxMEeylxSKYMX-OJuJl8rDO8KyJ-FVjH6fK8/edit?tab=t.xzpgbyhjr9bt#heading=h.8uw0bwoafc2c)r is ready for review, and the [shared responsibility paper](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RhLM_CGkklKjwGTWq9GIHAj_ZLenjRoqoiYFnHpzsUo/edit?tab=t.pqyirxgfz4hm) will be ready next week, and they are seeking TSC reviewers for these documents. Josiah also suggested soliciting external reviewers and former SIG members.  
* **Workstream 2 Telemetry Kickoff and Scoping**   
  * Vinay announced the kickoff of the telemetry work with good initial interest, focusing on extending OCSF for AI telemetry. They are looking for two co-leads for this work with Michael Rash being one of them.They identified several projects like LLM tree and work from Anthropic to analyze for scoping. David G. expressed interest in joining the telemetry workstream, and Josiah suggested recruiting him as a SIG leader given their work with OCSF.  
* **WS3 Persona Finalization and Implementation**  
  * Zeal provided an update on the Persona discussion, confirming that seven personas have been identified with a general consensus to limit the total to less than nine, and these look final. Shrey noted that the next steps involve implementing these personas in the risk map framework (YAML files) and elaborating on their meaning.  
  * Josiah confirmed that the shared responsibility model team is aligning their work with the personas defined by WS3 and will reflect them in their paper. David L. emphasized that the personas are a "good next step" and will be tested as workstreams begin to map them into their papers, with the shared responsibility paper being the first big test. David L. anticipated implementing the new personas this week after resolving infrastructure and test coverage bugs in the framework.  
* **Transition of Shared Responsibility SIG Ownership**  
  * Josiah proposed rotating the Shared Responsibility SIG to WS3 after the shared responsibility paper is released, aiming for early Q1. David L. supported the idea but suggested focusing first on launching the new SIG under WS3 before transitioning the shared responsibility SIG, aligning with the goal of expanding WS3 to cover governance and enforcement. Josiah indicated they want to transition the SIG so they can focus on integrating controls from WS2 papers, like the zero-trust paper, into the risk map.  
* **Next Steps for new AI-Assisted Code Security SIG**  
  *  J.R. and David L. discussed the next steps for spinning up the new SIG on Security for AI-assisted code under WS3, with David L. outlining three main activities for early January. These include: garnering engagement beyond Cisco from other organizations; holding a hybrid kickoff (potentially in multiple location) to define the SIG's work beyond just CodeGuard; and TSC finalizing the outer scope of the SIG, such as whether it covers just AI assisted coding security or the secure SDLC for AI assisted coding.  
  * J.R. requested a quick show of interest from existing TSC organizations to participate in the new SIG to build a starter set of members. Shrey, David G., and Ian confirmed their intent to participate, and Aaron mentioned that he and two other colleagues from Cisco will join the SIG. A couple of other TSC members mentioned their interest in the meeting chat (Christina, Asmae, Zeal, Debadatta)  
  *  J.R. and David L. agreed to touch base to brainstorm on other potential members and the scope before the end of the week to schedule a kickoff meeting in early January.  
* **RSA 2026 Submission Status**  
  *  J.R. inquired about the status of RSA 2026 proposals. Josiah and David L. indicated that notifications for acceptance usually come out in mid-January.  
* **Marketing Committee Update**  
  * Joy confirmed no immediate issues or concerns. David L. stressed the need for collaboration between the TSC and Marketing Committee to create document outputs other than Markdown documents, like PDFs, and discussed building a CI/CD pipeline for this. Ian volunteered to support the process. Joy added that Senha (Operant AI), who has relevant experience, has been added to the content sub-committee to decide on a path forward for document presentation.  
* **Call for Reflection and Feedback**  
  * David L. concluded the formal business by requesting that all participants, especially the workstream leads, engage in self-reflection over the holidays and provide feedback to the TSC and PGB on what is working, what could be improved, and how to enhance membership and external collaboration for 2026\.

### Next steps and Action Items

* Claudia will start the FMV ballot for the MCP security paper after the meeting  
*  J.R. and David L. agreed to touch base to brainstorm on other potential members and the scope for the new SIG before the end of the week to schedule a kickoff meeting in early January.


  
