# CoSAI TSC Meeting

## Date: 24 June 2025

**Present:** J.R. Rao (IBM), Joshua Chou (PayPal), Daniel Riedel (GenLab), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Sean Lee (Intel), Andre Elizondo (Wiz),  Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro), Omar Santos (Cisco), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Peng Ning (Google),

**Regrets:**  
Dan Mellen (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Ian Brelinsky (OpenAI), Matt Saner (Amazon), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Rudy Lai (Snyk),  Sean Morgan (Protect AI),

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS) , David LaBianca (PGB Co-chair), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Joshua Aguiar (Cohere left at half past)

*Quorum: 19 TSC members, 10 needed for quorum*

### Agenda

* Finalizing WS2 Landscape Paper  
* Workstream organization, planning and deliverables  
* Google SAIF donation  
* Discussion on Security Principles for Agents  
* Any other business?

## Notes 

* **Blog post for WS1 Landscape Paper**  
  * Ingrid provided an update on the blog post for the WS1 landscape document, stating it would be posted soon, potentially later that day or the next, before Thursday's press release. She confirmed David's feedback was incorporated Matt and Andre confirmed they had reviewed the blog and had no issues with it.  
* **Workstream 2 Landscape Paper Update**  
  * J.R. then moved on to the [WS2 landscape paper draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12AEl75B3h1KhdIjOid7kLsukmc3PJCaIp6bunUHTfDg/edit?usp=sharing). J.R. praised Akila's work on the paper and David's feedback, noting it was almost ready for the TSC vote, pending a few open comments  and additional names of contributors to be added to the paper. Josiah agreed to find the original document with the names and provide them by the end of the next day.  
  * J.R. inquired if the WS2 paper could be published around the same time as the WS1 blog and press release. Claudia clarified the process involved a TSC vote and PGB approval with a two-week notice, making simultaneous release challenging. However, Claudia suggested a draft version could be uploaded to GitHub with a "still under review" headline.  
  * J.R. emphasized the need for speed and agility in the current AI landscape, and expressed a desire to move quickly on the landscape papers. David agreed on the need for faster execution going forward, suggesting leveraging draft versions and early visibility while adhering to formal approval processes.  
  * Ingrid mentioned the marketing team had slotted the WS2 release with the upcoming anniversary press release.  
  * Josiah suggested publishing the blog similar to WS1 ahead of the Press Release.  
  * Akila asked if a TSC vote on the WS2 paper is required before a blog referencing it could be published. David suggested including this question in the follow-up discussions regarding accelerated timelines, noting that an "in review" status might suffice for the blog.  
  * David and Kelly discussed options to shorten the timeline, such as concurrent TSC voting and PGB review, and exploring opportunities for draft publishing. Kelly will propose a condensed process after the meeting.  
* **Prioritizing Workstream Deliverables**   
  * J.R. introduced a discussion on reorganizing and prioritizing the CoSAI work to move faster, focusing each workstream on one deliverable at a time (P0 activities) for the next two months, followed by P1 activities. The proposed P0 priorities include Agentic Security Principles (TSC), Model Signing (WS1), Securing MCP (WS4), and the Shared AI Security Responsibility model for agentic systems (WS2).   
  * Andre and Ian expressed support for focusing on one area at a time, noting the benefits they had seen in WS1 and WS4. J.R. emphasized streamlining processes while maintaining oversight and consensus.   
  * Josiah raised concerns about putting existing momentum on hold in WS2's SIGs (incident response and zero trust) and the need for interested parties to commit time to the shared responsibility model.   
* **Discussion about proposal to fold WS3 into other Workstreams**  
  * David outlined three key actions in order to transition WS3 into the other workstreams: 1\. determining where ongoing work is left, 2\. communicating the demise of WS3 and the move to PGB for approval, and 3\. informing the WS3 workstream members. These actions would be initiated through email and chat.   
  * J.R. proposed announcing the WS3 changes in the next WS3 meeting on Thursday, sharing attendee names with Josiah and Vinay and including the shared responsibility topic in the next WS2 meeting.  
  * Josiah said he would be on vacation for two weeks starting Friday. Omar offered to cover the WS3 meeting if David could not attend and to assist Vinay while Josiah was away.  
* **TSC Participation and Accountability**   
  * Akila raised concerns about the overall TSC participation. She suggested a weekly Slack update detailing ongoing workstreams, participation expectations, and milestones to improve transparency and accountability.   
  * Matt expressed hesitation about setting strict participation expectations, especially during the summer vacation period, fearing it could discourage participation. Akila acknowledged this concern, noting similar issues in the fall due to holidays, but reiterated the need for some level of transparency regarding deliverables.  
* **Targeting P0 Deliverables by End of July**   
  * J.R. shifted the focus to the specific P0 deliverables, asking if they could be completed by the end of July, with agentic security principles targeted for the mid-July anniversary. Josiah agreed with this plan.  
  * Regarding model signing, Matt and Andre are aiming for a near-final draft by the end of July, allowing PR work to proceed in parallel.   
  * Josiah indicated the shared responsibility model could be addressed within a month with sufficient participation, while also noting momentum on parallel efforts like incident response would continue.   
  * Ian believed securing the MCP document by the end of July was achievable with prioritization, pending review of recent MCP specification changes.  
  * David formally asked for objections to the P0 focus, noting TSC quorum, and there were none.  
* **Discussion on P1 Priorities**  
  * Akila initiated a discussion on P1 priorities, which were less time-sensitive than P0, seeking alignment on the next focus areas after July. Andre noted that model cards, listed as a P1, had lost momentum and might need to be reevaluated based on interest. Matt mentioned potential tooling to support model signing as an area of interest. Akila suggested a vote in mid-July to assess the appetite for model cards as a P1 and explore alternatives if needed. David agreed with this approach.  
  * Akila asked Ian about identity patterns for agentic systems as a potential P1, and Ian considered it a natural next step after the MCP paper (P0). He mentioned identity and access control and sandboxing as likely next priorities, with some work already underway on identity access control.   
  * David questioned whether CoSAI needed to demonstrate similar rigor on other existing standards alongside MCP. Ian agreed to consider this with Sarah. David clarified the intent was for them to think about the appropriate next steps. Akila recommended prioritizing identity over sandboxing due to broader relevance and potential difficulty in finding sandboxing experts within the working group.  
  * Next, Akila discussed WS2 P1/P2 priorities, specifically threat modeling for agentic systems. Josiah identified threat modeling as a P2, following current momentum on zero trust and incident response SIGs, with telemetry for AI systems as another P2 linked to incident response. Josiah indicated that parallel efforts were acceptable if staffing supported it, given the broad scope of preparing defenders. Akila clarified that Josiah and Vinay would likely drive these efforts separately.  
* **Donation of SAIF Secure AI Framework**  
  * J.R. introduced the topic of Google's potential donation of the SAIF framework, including data and scripts, to CoSAI. J.R. asked David to explain the expectations and the nature of the donation to ensure TSC consensus, as a decision was previously requested. David clarified that the primary donation would be the data underlying the SAIF risk map and assessment, envisioned as a YAML file in a GitHub repo, with the SAIF application being an example.   
  * The goal was to open-source this data to enable integration into various tools and provide insights to the broader ecosystem. David explained the value for CoSAI as a way to codify and easily update the insights from their white papers and other outputs into a consumable data set. This would allow others to leverage CoSAI's knowledge without constantly rereading documents, aligning with how other entities in the domain manage their data. The main effort for CoSAI would be maintaining the YAML file with risks, controls, and vulnerabilities as new information is developed. The SAIF application would serve as a sample. The desired outcome would be the broader community, like the CISO community, forking and using the data.  
  * David asked for confirmation of interest in this donation from the TSC, to ensure the dataset will be further developed in the future. If there is no interest, Google will proceed independently with their GitHub repo.  
  * Josiah suggested that David review the current priorities to see how they could extend SAIF, as a potential test case for integration. David agreed to write a document outlining options and how these elements would map.  
  * J.R. emphasized the need for a decision on the data donation, which David had hoped for previously. David stated they would begin internal processes for a Google GitHub launch due to the uncertainty, but would first produce a document outlining the options for everyone to review.  
  * J.R. inquired about a preview of the data for educational purposes. David offered to upload a JSON file to the TSC folder as a starting point. Claudia Rauch  agreed to create a plain text file named "safe.json" under the TSC for David to add the content.  
* **Agentic Principles Discussion**   
  * J.R. suggested discussing the agentic principles as part of WS4, noting several edits on the related document. David explained his approach to simplifying the principles based on feedback that simplicity is key for a durable document. He aimed to create succinct elements that are easy to understand for practitioners and policy makers, suggesting the more detailed work could be in a white paper or blog post.  
  * J.R. found David's explanation helpful and proposed continuing the discussion at the next WS4 meeting.

## Next Steps and Action Items

* Kelly to share suggestion for a condensed timeline for the WS2 approval process with Dave, Omar, Akila and JR  
* David will add the SAIF JSON file to the TSC folder and context on how the data could map to current priorities. He will share this document with the TSC list
