# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

## 17 February 2026

**Present:** Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Debadatta Mishra (EY), Parthy Chandrasekaran (Trend Micro), Matt Maloney (Cohere \- left 30 min. in), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), David Pierce (Paypal), Scott Clinton (OWASP, non-voting), Bill Stout (AI Alliance non-voting), Jim Reavis (CSA, non-voting)

**Regrets:**  
Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer, no vote), Jason Garman (Amazon), Joshua Saxe (Meta), J.R. Rao (IBM), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk, no vote), Tim Burress (GenLab)

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), David LaBianca (Google alternate), Aaron Carter (Cisco alternate), Jay White (Microsoft alternate, WS1 co-lead), Dean Wampler (AI Alliance, non-voting), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead), Zeal Somani (WS3 co-lead), Asmae Mhassni (Intel alternate), Joy Medellin (MC co-chair)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 14 eligible to vote, 8 needed for quorum* 

### Agenda

* Administrivia   
* Planning for meetings at RSAC  
* Review of [SIG1 Scope](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nAQLJVC9Ovjsmkqk-gnJbgGt3iwAbztgT-9-L0NXDF4/edit?usp=sharing):  
  * Vote by consensus  
* Next steps for Shared Responsibility Framework  
* Any other business? 

### Meeting Summary

* **Welcome and Introductions:**   
  * David L. opened the meeting, acknowledging that he was taking over the facilitation of the meeting as both co-chairs are unavailable. Two new attendees, Jim Reavis (CEO of Cloud Security Alliance) and Dean Wampler (from the AI Alliance, working for IBM), were introduced to the group.  
* **RSAC Conference Planning and Working Sessions:**   
  * Claudia reminded attendees about the working session for the PGB and TSC, planned for Monday at RSAC, hosted by Cisco, and mentioned that a hybrid option will be available for remote participation. She also confirmed that OASIS is compiling a list of CoSAI sponsor-organized events at RSA for the PGB and TSC.  
  * Raghu asked if CoSAI would have a booth or demos at RSAC to direct partners and customers to. Claudia confirmed there would be an OASIS booth representing several projects, including CoSAI, and that there are two official CoSAI sessions scheduled. Daniel noted that the booth presence will be minimal, offering a small space for meet-and-greets, but suggested that a demo stand could be arranged with a small supporting contribution from CoSAI.  
  * David L. suggested a low-cost approach for materials, such as creating glossy placards with QR codes for PDF versions of CoSAI papers, ensuring all papers are PDF-ready before the conference. David L. outlined the three main targets for influence at RSA: large users of AI systems needing security guidance, non-US based multinational organizations to diversify the global security story, and key opinion formers.  
* **Consensus Vote on New SIG 1 Scope Document:**  
  * The SIG 1 scope document, cleaned up after the previous meeting, was shared for immediate review. A provisional call for consensus on the document was held, noting that one voting member was missing, but that the document's co-authors (JR and Akila), both voting members, reworked it, allowing the group to provisionally move forward. The document was provisionally passed, contingent upon confirmation votes from the absent co-authors.  
* **Next Steps for New SIG 1:**   
  * The next steps for SIG 1 include calling for at least two co-leads who possess the required passion, energy, and time. The group will also set a kickoff time for the SIG, ideally the following week, to be hosted by the WS3 co-leads before the formal handoff to the new SIG leads. Daniel was encouraged to share the document with external parties they are attempting to onboard to induce their participation. David L. committed to working with J.R. and Akila on conversations around the new SIG 2, Security of Agent Development Lifecycle quickly due to the necessary interplay with SIG 1\.  
  * Zeal asked if the three deliverables for SIG 1 would be sequenced or pursued in parallel. David L. responded that sequencing will depend on participation and excitement, suggesting that co-leads use this as a request for information to members, and that working on a topic can begin with a few interested participants. A  goal is to keep CodeGuard progressing towards a CoSAI version, but otherwise, the group will decide where to focus their work time and effort.  
  * Raghu raised a point that the SIG 1 scope seems to focus on tooling to intercept generated code, and asked if the group should also consider conformance requirements included by model developers to shift the security process left. David L. acknowledged this is already being discussed with model providers but noted that non-deterministic systems, including humans, will always produce errors, necessitating checks and balances to prove that the output meets security requirements. Daniel agreed that models trained on buggy human code cannot guarantee perfect output, regardless of non-determinism, and that the balance of where controls are applied will continuously change as models evolve.  
* **WS2 Shared Responsibility Model  Discussion**   
  * Bill presented an update on the Shared Responsibility Model from WS2, noting its increasing importance due to customer hesitation around AI implementation without clear internal role definition. The proposed framework identifies AI components in different layers (business, information, application, platform, infrastructure) to help customers identify responsible owners. Bill requested TSC approval and eventual CoSAI approval for the document to be published as a final reference for external discussions.  
  * Debadatta suggested differentiating between risk governance and technology risk in the framework for better alignment with organizations like banks, which separate these landscapes.  
  * Claudia outlined the formal review process (five-day review by TSC and PGB, followed by formal votes). The consensus was to pursue two parallel efforts: first, create a clean draft version with no comments for GitHub that Service Now can reference as "draft work in progress" with the appropriate language confirmed by OASIS, and second, initiate the formal production process by calling for TSC editors to provide real input.  
* **Other Business: Open Source Maintainer Interaction with AI Agent**  
  * David L. raised an interesting problem shared by Matt S. regarding an open-source maintainer being berated by a chatbot after the maintainer declined a vulnerability PR, stating the channel was only for humans. The question of whether CoSAI should have a view on this broader agent moment was presented for future PGB discussion, as it relates to velocity scaling and the unresolved reputation question about contributions in open source.  
* **Control Objectives and SIG 2 Planning**:   
  * David L. discussed the difficulty of determining how closely they can approach control objectives. This topic is considered part of the "SIG 2 problem," which relates to the required code generation or other processes necessary to make a statement about the control state of an agentic environment. David L. emphasized that this topic will be a major focus for the kickoff of SIG 2 under WS4, as they need to define the goal and determine whether it represents a utopian approach that is unattainable while large language models (LLMs) are outside the boundary.  
  * David P. offered an optimistic perspective, suggesting that progress should be made by bringing NIST level differential privacy (DP) to their runtime, enabling them to attest to the runtime's SLA. David P. proposed that an agent is essentially a series of commits to a GitHub repository tracking all the agent's actions. David L. acknowledged this but raised concerns that even with DP on the agent, it might be challenging to determinethe DP's state when it was running and ensure it could not be modified, suggesting it is a complex, recursive problem.  
  * David P. countered that it should be possible to state if sufficient artifacts and provenance exist, referencing their previous work on abstracting an artifact to its hash, attestations, and entitlements. The next step involves finding a time for a kickoff conversation regarding SIG 2 to further discuss these topics .

### Next Steps and Action Items

* Bill will get a clean draft of the Shared Responsibility Model with no comments and the correct draft language confirmed by Ingrid and Claudia to be put on GitHub that can be referenced as draft work.
