# CoSAI TSC Meeting

## 13 January 2026

**Present:** Omar Santos (Cisco), J.R. Rao (IBM), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Debadatta Mishra (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Joshua Saxe (Meta), Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Matt Maloney (Cohere), David Pierce (Paypal), Scott Clinton (OWASP, non-voting), Parthy Chandrasekaran (Trend Micro),

**Regrets:**  
Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Jason Garman (Amazon), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Christina Freeman (WS3 co-lead), David Girard (Trend Micro alternate), Asmae Mhassni (Intel alternate), , David LaBianca (Google alternate, PGB co-chair), Zeal Somani (WS3 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Aaron Carter (Cisco alternate), Matt Saner (Amazon alternate), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 14 eligible to vote, 8 needed for quorum*

### Agenda

* RSA Session presentations due by January 26  
  * TSC Presentation: 50â€™ talk  
  * MCP Security Talk  
  * CoSAI Panel/Workshop co-located with RSA (revisit at end of January)  
* Update on First Week of TSC Workstream Meetings:   
  * WS2 Shared Responsibility Framework  
  * WS2 Zero Trust  
  * WS4 Agentic Identity  
* Any other topics?

### Meeting Notes

* **Welcoming New Participants**  
  *  J.R. welcomed Scott Clinton from OWASP, who joined the call for the first time as a TSC non-voting member. David L. emphasized that the goal of bringing in non-voting members like OWASP is to build bridges for alignment, collaboration, amplification, and disambiguation with other entities.   
* **PDF Creation Update**  
  * Ian provided an update on the creating an automated pipeline to generate PDFs from Markdown documents, expressing satisfaction with the results despite a few remaining cleanup tasks.   
* **MCP Security Paper Publication and Anthropic Collaboration**   
  * Ingrid updated the TSC on the MCP security paper publication, specifically the blog post collaboration with Anthropic. Anthropic requested more time to review the blog, delaying the targeted publication date. A separate press release effort is planned for January 27th.  
  * David L. suggested that since the team had already asked Anthropic for review, they should follow through but set a firm deadline. The team agreed on Tuesday, January 20th, as the deadline for Anthropic to provide their comments on the blog post.  
* **OWASP AI Security Project Roadmap**   
  * Scott shared that OWASP's AI security project is working to collaborate across different standards and community groups. The group aims to create a roadmap to share with other organizations to track what groups are doing, see how they complement each other, and find new ways to collaborate. Scott offered to share an update on their ratified assets and deliverables for their roadmap for 2026, which is updated quarterly, in early February.  
* **RSA Conference Presentations**  
  *  Akila announced that the group has two presentations accepted for the RSA conference: one on the MCP security white paper and another on an overarching view of TSC work, future directions, and the depth and breadth of workstreams and new SIGs. Akila requested input on whether to focus on high-level directions, technical deliverables, or how people can use the outputs.   
  * David P. and Raghu agreed that the TSC presentation should highlight the specificity of the work, such as the comparative vulnerability matrix, and how the deliverables translate into reference architectures and implementations for enterprise infosec users. J.R. suggested using the CoSAI-RM as an anchor to frame the discussion around industry-specific controls supported by the various workstreams.  
  * Daniel suggested picking two to three representative workloads to demonstrate the end-to-end integration across all workstreams. This approach would help test the shared responsibility model in the context of actual implementation and provide coherent case studies for consumers, tying together elements like the MCP document, GRC controls, and published solutions. David P. reframed this as demonstrating how all the different white papers and parts of the stack work together to secure AI throughout the enterprise life cycle.  
  * Ian and Daniel proposed a demonstration focusing on model signing, where a model's signature could be verified upon download, and any modification would break the verification, illustrating a potential attack. They suggested using an MNIST model signed by OASIS using SIG Store with an Apache claim as a simple, verifiable, end-to-end example.  
* **Recommendations for MCP Security White Paper Presentation**  
  * The team discussed what to highlight in the MCP security white paper presentation at RSA, with Daniel suggesting that every guidance point be converted into a GRC-shaped control requirement that could be operationalized against. Sarah confirmed that WS4 is already trying to make the content actionable by pushing requirements into the CoSAI-RM framework.  
* **Plans for a Co-located Event at RSA**  
  *  J.R. announced that there was a discussion at the PGB about holding a co-located CoSAI event at RSA, such as a panel, outreach workshop, or breakfast, leveraging the presence of many companies. Omar and David L. supported the idea, including the possibility of working sessions, with Omar proactively reserving rooms as a backup. Daniel noted that having a concrete task and goal would help drive attendance.  
* **Workstream Updates**  
  * Matt reported that WS1 had its highest-attended meeting in six months and that they are focused on content for the Model Signing Maturity Levels paper planned for February. David L. updated on WS3 activities, noting good attendance and the landing of issue templates for structured content additions. WS3 is also planning a blog post introducing new personas in late January or February and will include the controls and risks from WS4's MCP security paper in CoSAI-RM.  
  * David L. emphasized the need to review existing papers, called "living papers," to ensure they are up-to-date or to officially retire them. He also mentioned that he and Omar will reach out to workstream leads to gather feedback on governance bottlenecks to continue making progress more efficiently.  
  * J.R. mentioned the high priority of launching the new SIG focused on Security of AI-assisted Code Development, with plans to discuss the launch in more detail next week.   
  * Ian reported that WS4 is aggressively pushing for the latest version of the agentic identity paper to be posted soon. He also noted that several participants took on items to refine the cookbooks and push them into GitHub.  
* Request for NIST 800-53 Mapping  
  * Raghu asked if there was any consideration to map the controls being built to the NIST 800-53 control set, as this is important for organizations seeking FedRAMP certification. David L. confirmed that the CoSAI-RM framework has the capability to map to external frameworks, though they started with others like MITRE, ATLAS, NARMMF, Stride, and OWASP LLM, and are about to add the EU AI Act. They welcomed someone to step up to work on the NIST 800-53 mapping.  
  * David L. noted that while some controls and risks are currently mapped, these mappings are not complete and are considered starting points. He suggested that participants could lean in to propose mappings between favorite controls, risks, or standards, as extensibility is available. Raghu observed that the existing MIT Atlas and the NIST AIR frameworks overlap significantly with 800-53, suggesting a starting point for further mapping.  
  * David L. in collaboration with Ian, Sarah, and WS4, intends to identify equivalent external frameworks wherever possible while developing new controls, rather than after the fact. Raghu confirmed he would reach out to David offline to discuss some thoughts on the matter.

### Action Items

* Ingrid will follow up with Amy, Gabby, and Connor at Anthropic to see how much additional time they would need for review.  
* J.R. and Akila will schedule a slot for Scott on the agenda for a future Tuesday TSC meeting, likely in early February, to share the ratified set of assets and deliverables from OWASP.  
* J.R. and Akila will create a Google Doc template for the RSA presentation on TSC work and share it with the workstream leads for insight and feedback to ensure accurate representation of their work.
