# CoSAI TSC Meeting 

# 10 February 2026

**Present:** J.R. Rao (IBM), Debadatta Mishra (EY), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Jay White (WS1 co-lead / Microsoft alternate), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), David Pierce (Paypal), Parthy Chandrasekaran (Trend Micro),

**Regrets:**  
Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer, no vote), Jason Garman (Amazon), Joshua Saxe (Meta), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Rudy Lai (Snyk, no vote), Scott Clinton (OWASP, non-voting), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Zeal Somani (WS3 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead),  Bill Stout (AI Alliance, non-voting), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead, Cisco), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead. Joined at 1:15pm), David LaBianca (Google alternate)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 14 eligible to vote, 8 needed for quorum \-  quorum met with 8 in attendance.*

### Agenda

* Welcome and admin  
* New SIG: Security of AI-assisted Code Development  
  * Debrief of SIG1 workshop of Feb 4, 2026   
  * [Link to outline and discussion document for new SIG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nAQLJVC9Ovjsmkqk-gnJbgGt3iwAbztgT-9-L0NXDF4/edit?usp=sharing)  
  * Review of scope and deliverables  
  * Next steps  
* AOB


### Meeting Summary

* **Administrative and Scheduling Updates:** Administrative updates from OASIS were requested, and it was noted that all paperwork for the Cloud Security Alliance has been signed.

* **Review of TSC Persona Mappings:** David L. requested that TSC and workstream leads review the new persona documents and their mappings, which have been published in [the "develop"branch on GitHub](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/secure-ai-tooling/blob/develop/risk-map/docs/guide-personas.md) as this will soon be presented to the TSC as version one..  The goal is to receive feedback from each workstream, as they are all impacted by this work, and David would like each workstream to confirm they have reviewed the material.

* **Kick-off Discussion for WS3 SIG 1:** Akila initiated the discussion for new  SIG 1 “Security for AI-Assisted Code Development”, The goal of the discussion is to clean up the working document and ship it to WS3 and then look for leads to push the work forward. 

* **Non-Goals and Scope Exclusion for SIG 1**: Akila emphasized that agent infrastructure and protocol security are explicitly out of scope for SIG 1, as they will be addressed in SIG 2\. David sought clarification, confirming that this exclusion includes agent security and configuration management, focusing SIG 1 solely on the security of the code generated by the large language model. David clarified that SIG 1 will provide control objectives and requirements necessary for secure assisted code, even though the actual work for those controls is out of scope and belongs to SIG 2 and other areas.

* **Discussion on IDE Plugins as Out of Scope:** Shrey questioned whether the development of IDE plugins should be included in SIG 1, suggesting it is not "agentic per se" and could fit under the platform-agnostic tooling deliverable. Shrey clarified that the intention is to provide enterprises a methodology, perhaps leveraging IDE plugins like VS Code, to adopt and distribute standardized code guard rules at scale. David P. agreed that defining patterns for leveraging the rules through an IDE plugin is acceptable, provided it remains separate from the security of the agentic development environment.

* **Standardized Rule Distribution and Policy Governance:** Akila and Shrey discussed how to distribute standardized rule definitions to a large number of engineers within an organization and ensure they are regularly updated. Debadatta shared their experience with using Falcon identity, which is attached to Azure AD, to write rules and regulations for controlling agent behavior at an individual level across a large organization. David P. suggested using this Falcon identity example to differentiate between the in-scope and out-of-scope aspects of the work.

* **Longer-Lived, Long Horizon Review Protocols:** Akila prompted David L. to elaborate on risk-based review protocols, particularly the concept of a "more capable model" being used for review instead of strictly human review. David L. explained that the intent is to allow for gates or triggers that necessitate a higher-efficacy review, which could be a human but, due to scale, is often a more capable model (like moving from Sonnet/Haiku to Opus in the Anthropic ecosystem). The goal is to avoid prescribing that only a human can perform this higher-value review, as the future will likely involve a combination of humans and advanced models.

* **Capabilities and Tooling Reference Architecture:** The discussion focused on the second deliverable, which requires an agnostic capabilities and tooling reference architecture for various large language models. David P. characterized this as a "feature store problem," where the fundamental tool could be an underlying JSON RPC or stream, with the information contained within or referenced by a hash. He suggested normalizing tooling through baseline patterns that allow pointing to CoSAI-specific artifacts.

* **AI Assisted Security Hardening Methodologies and Code Review:** The group discussed the third deliverable, which involves AI assisted security hardening methodologies, focusing on the use of bots for code review. Daniel suggested that the "AI securing AI" concept should be broken down into specific, narrowly scoped microservice capabilities, such as a read-only code reviewer versus a write operation code generator. The complexity of using the same bot for both code writing and code review was raised, with concerns about common mode failures and bypassing code protection policies.

* **Regulatory Compliance and Human vs. Agent Review:** The participants discussed the need for separate parties in code review, as required by many compliance regimes, and the difficulty of proving a human is involved when agents assist with reviews. David L. suggested that addressing regulatory compliance in a world of nonhuman review may require multiple audited agents with clearly defined roles to maintain control separation, but acknowledged the difficulty in verifying human involvement. David P. suggested focusing on entitlements related to probabilistic inference, setting confidence intervals, and attaching entitlements to the hash chain of all artifacts, to avoid deep philosophical discussions on agent vs. human roles.

* **Next Steps for SIG 1 Closure and Call for Objections:** Akila summarized that the scope is generally aligned and the three big bullets and out-of-scope items will be cleaned up and prepared for publication, as this is the final meeting before closing out the work for SIG 1\. David L. reminded the group that a formal "call for objections" is required before the SIG is approved, and Ingrid confirmed that eight voting members were present for quorum. J.R. suggested cleaning up the document first and then distributing it via email for the final call for objections.

* **Update on MCP PDF Tooling:** David L. provided an update on Ian's tooling, which creates a PDF document out of the markdown version of the MCP Security paper. Ian clarified that by using the standard YAML metadata header on a markdown file, the tool can extract information for the front page, including the title of the workstream and version information. Additional features discussed include manually injecting the hash commit from the GitHub ID and potentially watermarking papers that are not yet approved.

* **Tooling Implementation and Accessibility:** David L. and Ian discussed making the PDF conversion tool simple to use, with instructions provided for installation via an install script or by using dev containers. David L. requested OASIS staff put the file in the TSC folder. 

* **Merging the PDF Tooling Code:** David L. and Ian discussed the pending Pull Request for merging the tooling changes to the main branch of the repository. Ian mentioned he needed to push small fixes, particularly concerning markdown's sensitivity to whitespace, and David L. noted he made fixes to the text and styling files to ensure compatibility with various LaTeX systems beyond just PDF latex. The goal of David L's fixes was to ensure the tooling works on everyone's machine.

### Action Items

* Shrey will present  an example in the next TSC meeting of a standardized rule definition and how to distribute it at scale using an IDE plugin.  
* David L. will follow up with Ian offline to test  Ian's tool, and OASIS staff will add the PDF version in the TSC drive for review.  
* David L. and Ian will figure out how to merge the tooling to main and then work with Claudia to get a repo.  
* Akila, J.R., and David L. will clean up the new SIG document and push it for a call for consensus via email.    
  
