# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

# 20 January 2026

**Present:**   J.R. Rao (IBM), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Parthy Chandrasekaran (Trend Micro), Debadatta Mishra (EY), David Pierce (Paypal),  Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA)

**Regrets:**  
Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer), Jason Garman (Amazon), Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab), David Girard (Trend Micro alternate), Joshua Saxe (Meta)

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), David LaBianca (Google alternate, PGB co-chair), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead),  Josiah Hagen (WS2 co-lead), Asmae Mhassni (Intel alternate)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 14 eligible to vote, 8 needed for quorum \-  \- quorum met with 10 members in attendance*

### Agenda

1. Administrivia:  
   1. Converting CoSAI markdown to pdf (Ian Molloy)  
2. Discussion on CoSAI-ACTION Institute collaboration (JR Rao)  
   1. CoSAI TSC Talk at RSA: Motivating Examples (Akila and JR)  
3. Any other business? 

### Meeting Notes

* **Administrative Updates and MCP Blog Publication**: The meeting began with administrative check-ins. Ingrid reported that the [MCP blog](https://www.coalitionforsecureai.org/securing-the-ai-agent-revolution-a-practical-guide-to-mcp-security/) has been published, with the publication announcement emails sent out, and extended congratulations to Workstream 4 and everyone involved, urging amplification of the news. J.R. thanked Akila and Anthropic for facilitating the collaboration, confirming that prior concerns about timely feedback from Anthropic had been resolved.

* **PDF Generation from Markdown Files:** Ian provided an update on the work to convert markdown files into nicely formatted PDFs using Pandoc and LaTeX style files. He explained that this process is completely automated, potentially as a GitHub action, using a simple script that takes a markdown file and an output PDF target. The generated PDFs include a full, clickable table of contents and preserve internal references, having been tested on the supply chain and model signing white papers.

* **Next Steps for PDF Generation Tool:** Ian sought feedback on whether to invest more time in polishing the PDF generation tool and identified missing design elements like the CoSAI logo's vector graphics. Ian agreed to work with David L. to ensure all design requirements are met, suggesting the code be placed in a separate repository. David L. offered to work with them and OASIS staff, emphasizing the need to execute this as a pre-commit hook or script within a repo to avoid secrets in GitHub Actions and potential issues with running Pandoc on untrusted inputs. David L. noted that installing the necessary dependencies like MacTeX can be time-consuming, suggesting using a dev container to simplify the process. David L. and Ian agreed to start an email thread to mock out the solution, potentially housing it in a "support tools repo" that projects can use via a submodule to ensure it stays up-to-date.

* **PDF Artifact Management and Marketing:** Andre asked whether the generated PDFs would be committed to the repository and if the PDF artifact creation would be used as a way to share the paper for traction and adoption. Ingrid updated that how/where the PDF would be available including the website is under discussion, with an intent to collect download data (web developer resource dependent). The PDF,  if ready, could potentially be included in the upcoming PR and the blog can also be edited to include the PDF. David L. clarified that the PDFs would be automatically generated and kept in sync with the MD files in GitHub, while Marketing would handle how the published version is hosted and tracked for analytics. Ian and David L. agreed that the generated PDF should include crucial metadata, such as the version, authoritative source, commit ID, and data timestamp, to address concerns about versioning and synchronization between the markdown and PDF files. David L. recognized that this work would be more of a project focused on design specification.

* **Collaboration with the Action Institute:** J.R. introduced the topic of collaborating with the [Action Institute](https://action.ucsb.edu/), an NSF-sponsored AI research institute dedicated to security. The institute focuses on agent-based cyber threat intelligence and operations and is a consortium of several universities, including Santa Barbara, Berkeley, and Purdue, with Giovanni Vigna as its director. J.R. explained that the Action Institute is interested in engaging with CoSAI to collaborate on AI security work at scale, having received approval from NSF to explore this industry-academia partnership. The initial step agreed upon in a call with Action Institute leadership was to schedule an information exchange session where they would present their work to CoSAI, and CoSAI's workstreams would provide a return presentation on their focus areas. J.R. noted that this collaboration could help Action Institute receive concrete feedback on which problems are worth pursuing, potentially drawing upon the tools and technologies developed through their NSF funding.

* **Potential Benefits of Action Institute Partnership:** Akila and David L. expressed excitement about the potential partnership, particularly in leveraging academic research to address proactive and accurate configuration approaches for cloud security, which could help remediate classes of cloud security issues. They also saw this as a way to deepen relationships with academia, building off existing CoSAI members like Duke. David L. formally proposed bringing the Action Institute on as a non-voting TSC member to facilitate working through these opportunities.

* **Concerns on IP and Academia Engagement:** Raghuram raised a concern about how Intellectual Property (IP) discussions would work in this industry-university-NSF partnership. J.R. responded that IP and licensing would need to be worked out on a case-by-case basis until an acceptable umbrella method for the consortium is established. Andre suggested creating a dedicated subcommittee within CoSAI for academic engagement, similar to the government subcommittee, to provide a clear channel for universities like John Hopkins to engage with CoSAI. David L. and Jay agreed that formalizing a structure for academic engagement is necessary, possibly through a SIG or by leveraging existing models such as the one used by OpenSSF.

* **RSA Presentation Planning:** J.R. turned the discussion over to Akila to discuss the first draft of the RSA presentation. Akila proposed focusing the presentation on different security scenarios, tying them back to how CoSAI's workstreams can help enterprises reduce their risks, rather than providing a dry overview of the workstreams themselves. She outlined several potential scenarios, including "shadow AI data leak" and "consuming models from public repos".

* **Feedback on RSA Presentation Scenarios:** Josiah provided feedback, suggesting that misconfigurations are a key security problem that should be addressed, along with the increasing number of vulnerabilities and decreasing attention to them. Raghuram asked if the presentation's intent was to only introduce CoSAI or to be more prescriptive; Akila confirmed the intent was both, to showcase meaningful contributions tied to real-world scenarios. Raghuram also suggested covering the usage model of enterprises tuning models with private data and deploying them at the edge, noting concerns about physical security and protecting weights. Akila planned to iterate on the draft with J.R. until Thursday and send a rough draft for optional group comments.

* **MCP Dev Summit Presentation:** Ian brought up the upcoming MCP Dev Summit and the deadline for submitting presentation proposals. He mentioned WS4 would likely submit one and offered the opportunity to the TSC to co-present, as Sarah would not be able to attend. Akila suggested that Ian coordinate with Jason, as they are already presenting together for MCP at RSA.

### Action Items

* Akila and J.R. will continue iterating on the draft for the RSA presentation until Thursday and then send the group a rough draft for comment.  
* Ian and David L will work on specs to (1) polish the PDF conversion solution and ensure it works with the right design elements, (2) work in a personal repo to mock out the PDF generation, and (3) figure out where to push the code.

