# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 6 January 2026

**Present:** Jason Garman (Amazon), Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft),  Matt Maloney (Cohere), Parthy Chandrasekaran (Trend Micro) Peng Ning (Google),   J.R. Rao (IBM), Debadatta Mishra (EY), David Pierce (Paypal),  Joshua Saxe (Meta), Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA)

**Regrets:**  
Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer),  Omar Santos (Cisco), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab)

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Aaron Carter (Cisco alternate), David LaBianca (Google alternate, PGB co-chair â€“ left 30 min. in), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Josiah Hagen (WS2 co-lead),  Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead), Asmae Mhassni (Intel alternate), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 14 eligible to vote, 8 needed for quorum*

### Agenda

* Introduction of new TSC members  
* Brief RSAC update  
* Status update from all workstreams

### Meeting Notes

* **Welcome and Introductions of New TSC Members**   
  * J.R. welcomed the three new TSC members: David Pierce from PayPal, Joshua Saxe from Meta, and Debadatta Mishra (DD) from EY.  
* **Administrative Items and MCP Security Paper Vote**  
  * J.R. covered a few administrative items, including the status of the MCP security paper, which passed a full majority vote from the TSC at the end of last year. The PGB vote on the paper is scheduled to conclude on January 8\. Claudia clarified that it is a consensus vote, and consensus is assumed unless objections are heard.  
  * Ingrid reminded the group about the request for review the MCP paper blog post, which was sent to the work stream four chairs and TSC co-chairs. J.R. requested Sarah to follow up with Ian on this matter.  
* **RSA Conference 2026 Submissions Status**  
  *  J.R. reported that one submission from the TSC, put forward by Akila and him, was accepted for a presentation at RSA 2026\. Josiah noted that several other submissions, including those on zero trust, shared responsibility, and AI incident response, were rejected. Sarah confirmed that the MCP security paper submission was accepted, and they are scheduled for a speaker review.  
  * Daniel confirmed they are on a panel with Joshua at RSA. He also mentioned that directed RSA planning is occurring from OASIS, and that there are efforts  to coordinate CoSAI and OASIS activities.   
  * Raghuram raised the possibility of OASIS hosting workshops at RSA, especially to discuss the threats and controls documented in the workstream 4 (WS4) MCP paper. Daniel noted that this would be discussed at the upcoming PGB meeting on Monday, and Raghuram confirmed he would pass this suggestion on to the Intel PGB representative.  
* **WS1 Update: Model Signing Maturity Paper**   
  * Matt provided an update for WS1, stating they have a draft paper on model signing maturity levels and capabilities,  needing a couple more weeks for content generation. They are aiming to submit the paper to the TSC around mid to late February. Andre emphasized the need for more involvement from model producers during the draft stage to ensure alignment.  
  * J.R. asked new TSC members Joshua, Debadatta, and David P. about their visibility into the WS1 model signing paper, and Joshua requested a tour of the work. Andre explained that the current effort, as a continuation of the first paper, focuses on proposing maturity levels and defining specific claims or attestations at different points in the maturity process. Ian stressed that the focus should be on the consumer side, including getting frameworks to do signature verification, as the number of consumers far outweighs the number of model producers.  
* **WS2 Update: Documents Ready for Review**  
  * Josiah reported that WS2 has two documents ready for review by the TSC: the Shared Responsibility Model and the Zero Trust for AI Systems paper. The Shared Responsibility Model document includes an appendix with examples of using AI tools to answer questions about CoSAI artifacts.  Josiah inquired about external reviewers with a signed iCLA.  
  * Claudia confirmed that external reviewers can review documents if they sign the iCLA. Josiah asked for two TSC reviewers for each document. For the Zero Trust paper, Parthy and Shrey volunteered. David P. volunteered to review the Shared Responsibility Framework paper.  
  * Josiah highlighted the importance of integrating the controls outlined in the Zero Trust for AI Systems paper into the CoSAI-RM, distinguishing between initial and advanced adoption. J.R. supported this, emphasizing the importance of building a bridge to CoSAI-RM so the shared responsibility and zero trust frameworks can be implemented in practice. Josiah clarified that while they extensively tested the Shared Responsibility Model with AI tools for different use cases, they focused the control integration effort on the Zero Trust paper.  
* **WS3 Update and New SIG**  
  * Shrey mentioned that WS3 reached consensus on the personas discussed before the break, and the next phase is to include those personas in the CoSAI-RM risk map framework. They also plan to start a new SIG on Security of AI-assisted Code Development, including the CodeGuard donation, which will be a focus for the next six months. J.R. noted ongoing discussions about the SIG and emphasized continuing work on the CoSAI-RM.  
* **WS4 Update: Identity Paper and MCP Gateway**   
  * Sarah reported that WS4 is organizing follow-up ideas from the MCP security paper and is actively working on an Identity paper, which they hope to deliver in the next couple of weeks. WS4 has also started work around the MCP gateway, focusing on how to secure it. Ian confirmed that the main focus is the identity paper, with two people working on a complete rewrite.  
  * J.R. stressed the need for contributions and opinions from major identity vendors in the identity paper to make it more authoritative. Debadatta offered support in helping to involve industry vendors. Raghuram provided context, noting that the previous version of the identity paper involved representatives from several companies, including Intel, Google, and IBM.  
* **White Paper Formatting and Automation**  
  * Ian brought up the long-discussed topic of publishing white papers in a more aesthetically pleasing format, such as PDF, rather than just markdown, especially as the MCP security paper nears final approval. Ingrid confirmed that some progress has been made, with a mock up in Canva, and they are working on sharing the initial draft. David P. offered to help automate the markdown to PDF flow.  
* Feedback on MCP Paper and Future Revisions   
  * Debadatta, having reviewed the MCP paper, noted that clarification is needed from the identity perspective, particularly regarding agent-to-agent and machine identities. J.R. clarified that these are "living documents," meaning subsequent versions can be released as the protocol evolves, and encouraged him to provide significant comments sooner rather than later. Ian confirmed that topics like agent-to-agent identity are being addressed in the follow-up paper.

### Action Items

* Sarah and Ian to provide feedback about the MCP paper blog  
* David P. to review Shared Responsibility Framework paper  
* Parthy and Shrey to review Zero Trust Paper

