# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

# 27 January 2026

**Present:**  Jason Garman (Amazon \- left 45 min. in), Debadatta Mishra (EY \- left 45 min. in),  J.R. Rao (IBM),  David Pierce (Paypal \- left 35 min. in), Matt Maloney (Cohere), Joshua Saxe (Meta), Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic â€“ joined 35 min. in), 

**Regrets:**  
Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer),  Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Parthy Chandrasekaran (Trend Micro), Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk), Tim Burress (GenLab),

**Guests:**  Claudia Rauch (OASIS) Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), David Girard (Trend Micro alternate), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead), Sarah Novotny (WS4 co-lead), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Aaron Carter (Cisco alternate), Vinay Bansal (WS2 co-lead), Josiah Hagen (WS2 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead), Christina Freeman (WS3 co-lead), Asmae Mhassni (Intel alternate)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 14 eligible to vote, 8 needed for quorum \-  \- quorum met with 10 members in attendance*

### Agenda

* Brainstorming on Two SIG Proposals:   
  * Security for AI-assisted Code Development  
  * Security for the Agent Development Lifecycle  
* Review of first draft of 2026 RSAC presentation  
* Any other business? 


### Summary

* **RSA Conference Planning**   
  * J.R. reported that he and Akila submitted a first draft of their RSA presentation, with a deadline for final changes on February 26th. He also mentioned that they had previously discussed having a co-located meeting at RSA, and Omar had offered Cisco premises nearby as a potential meeting location. J.R. suggested that Monday afternoon might be the best time for this in-person meeting.  
* **Launch of Special Interest Groups (SIGs)**  
  *  J.R. introduced two potential SIGs: one on the security of AI assisted code development (SIG 1\) and another on the security of the agent development life cycle (SIG 2). He proposed that WS3 would host SIG 1 and WS4 would host SIG 2\.  
* **SIG 1 Focus on Security of AI Assisted Code Development**  
  *  J.R. sought input to brainstorm personas, use cases, and outcomes for SIG 1, emphasizing the need for urgency. Debadatta asked if agentic design patterns would be included, to which J.R. suggested they could be part of the agent development life cycle but noted the close connection between the two topics. Debadatta suggested correlating patterns like contextual memory and feedback loops with the life cycle for a holistic view.  
  * Vinay asked for clarification on whether the focus is on traditional human-generated code with security issues or on code generated by AI, particularly concerning malicious AI or AI neglecting secure coding practices. J.R. asked him to document this distinction in the scope section of the shared document, focusing on what is different about AI-generated code and the necessary controls. David P. mentioned the need for baselines, critical business background literature, and small sample poisoning examples, which he offered to add to the document under the appropriate place.  
  * J.R. reminded participants to consider non-human personas, specifically agents or AI that consume code generated by other agents. Ian later clarified this, asking if AI personas are meant to play roles like code developer, architect, or security reviewer. J.R. clarified that AI should be considered a consumer of the artifacts produced, ensuring rules and secure design are consumable by them, not just humans.  
* **CodeGuard and Tooling Agnostic Rules**  
  * Aaron added to the scope, emphasizing the use of Project CodeGuard to provide comprehensive security rules and guidelines for AI assistants, aiming to be model and IDE agnostic. He also mentioned setting up an MCP server to host these rules for centralized updates. Shrey added that tooling for distributing rule sets, skills.md, or agent.md files across large organizations is an important challenge to address in the scope.  
* **Outcomes and Scale of SIG 1 Deliverables**   
  * Raghu asked if the outcome of SIG 1 should be prerequisites for AI assisted code tools or tools for customers to verify generated code security. J.R. responded that it is likely both, suggesting best practices, rules, and tools are needed, and asked Raghu to add both aspects to the scope. Josiah asked if the guidance should target small/medium businesses or enterprises, and J.R. suggested the outcomes should be able to scale across both, acknowledging that different best practices might emerge at scale.  
  * Raghu suggested involving ISVs that offer code scanning and verification tools to avoid reinventing existing work. J.R. pondered whether the changes due to AI code generation would be incremental, allowing integration with existing tools like Mend, or so disruptive that a completely new approach to application security is needed. Debadatta weighed in, suggesting the focus should be on security considerations during code design, not just post-design verification like traditional code coverage tools. Aaron supported shifting to influence security practices during code writing, contrasting it with security scans that occur after code is checked in.  
* **Proposed Hybrid Workshop to launch SIG1**   
  *  J.R. mentioned that Omar had offered to host a potential hybrid workshop on February 4, with on-site locations in Raleigh and San Jose, plus virtual attendance. J.R. requested that interested participants add their names and company to the document.  
* **RSA Presentation Review**   
  * Akila presented the draft RSA presentation, which included three main case studies: an AI assistant committing backdoors, a malicious model found in a public repo being inherited, and an agent with compromised access causing infrastructure misconfiguration. The presentation covered the scenario, developer flow, vulnerabilities, attack vectors, why traditional security failed, CoSAI's solutions, and the path forward with opportunities to contribute. Raghu provided feedback, viewing the presentation as a good educational and awareness-building process but feeling it lacked immediate actionability for most enterprises. Akila agreed to consider adding more actionability, possibly by differentiating guidance for LLM consumers versus producers. J.R. concluded the meeting by stating they would upload the presentation draft to the TSC repository and defer discussion of WS2 until the following week.

### Suggested next steps

* Akila Srinivasan and J.R. will continue iterating on the RSA slides and send them to the group in Slack for opinions before the final submission.


# 
