# CoSAI TSC Meeting -- DRAFT

# 03 February 2026

**Present:** Debadatta Mishra (EY),  Parthy Chandrasekaran (Trend Micro), J.R. Rao (IBM), Raghuram Yeluri (Intel), Akila Srinivasan (Anthropic), Jason Garman (Amazon), David Pierce (Paypal), Bill Stout (AI Alliance, non-voting)

**Regrets:**  
Andre Elizondo (Wiz), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Eoin Wickens (Hidden Layer, no vote), Joshua Saxe (Meta),  Matt Maloney (Cohere), Michael Scovetta (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Peng Ning (Google), Rudy Lai (Snyk, no vote), Scott Clinton (OWASP, non-voting), Tim Burress (GenLab), 

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Ian Molloy (WS4 co-lead), Jay White (WS1 co-lead, Microsoft alternate), David LaBianca (Google alternate),  Josiah Hagen (WS2 co-lead), Joy Medellin (MC co-chair \- left 30 min. in), Sarah Novotny (WS4 coâ€“lead left 25 min. in), Aaron Carter (Cisco alternate), Asmae Mhassni (Intel alternate \- joined 30 min. in), Shrey Bagga (WS3 co-lead \- joined 30 min. in)

*Quorum: 17 TSC members, 14 eligible to vote, 8 needed for quorum \-*  

### Agenda

* Administrivia  
* Planning for the SIG1 Workshop on Security of AI-assisted Code Development  
* Blog Discussion: Applying agentic security principles to personal AI agents (ClawBot, Clawdebot, MoltBook)  
* Any other business?

### Meeting Summary

* **Scope of new SIG 1 and Deliverables**  
  *  J.R.clarified that the [current document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nAQLJVC9Ovjsmkqk-gnJbgGt3iwAbztgT-9-L0NXDF4/edit?usp=sharing) to scope SIG 1 distilled information from the previous week's TSC brainstorming, covering scope, personas, use cases, outcomes, and participants. David L. confirmed that SIG 1 focuses on AI-assisted code security while agent ecosystem issues are covered in the sketch for SIG 2\.  
  * Akila stated the goal of SIG 1 is to provide guidance on AI-assisted code security, specifically addressing whether to focus on technical controls or organizational policies. J.R. and Akila agreed that the scope should include a combination of technical controls, policies, and processes, with the controls feeding into enterprise IT security policies. David L. suggested focusing initially on technical control approaches and definitions, with an implementation focus, followed by defining level zero and level one for controls in early 2026\.  
  * David P. raised the issue of formalizing the denormalization of data as a process because of disparate formats and base64 encoding hiding information. He explained that denormalization into a consistent format, such as JSON L, is necessary to process data effectively across different providers like Claude, OpenAI, and Gemini for risk control and classification. Ian agreed that aligning API interactions and responses into one consistent format is important.  
  * David L. stressed that the guidance should be open and not produce content that only works in one ecosystem, advocating for a "Rosetta Stone approach" to ensure future tool compatibility.   
  * Parthy questioned whether the SIG 1 document should address the fact that certain models might be more susceptible to generating insecure code or whether that is out of scope. David L. argued that the effort should focus on guardrails and built-in suspenders regardless of the model chosen, assuming non-determinism in code generation. He clarified that trust, safety, and bias in models are generally outside CoSAI's security focus and more aligned with safety forums. Aaron reinforced that the effort should focus on reinforcing security best practices in a model-agnostic way.  
  * Ian brought up the issue of "AI slop" or inundating maintainers with poor pull requests or bug reports, emphasizing that the project should not add to this problem. Akila proposed that one way to mitigate risk is to assume all models are malicious but create the right sandboxes or parameter controls around them to alleviate risk, rather than hoping for inherent model correctness. Ian agreed with the assumption of maliciousness, noting that past attempts at sandboxing failed due to bad coding practices that allowed dynamic configuration changes to security controls.  
* **Blog Discussion: Applying agentic security principles to personal AI agents**  
  * David L. likened the agent problem to the new version of "shadow infrastructure," arguing that without providing safe, easy ways to deploy new technologies, companies will get hurt. He then introduced a potential blog post idea based on CoSAI's secure-by-design agentic principles, using the "clawbot" vulnerability as a case study, suggesting a potential publication in the next five to seven business days while the topic is current.  
  * J.R. Rao agreed with the shadow infrastructure analogy, emphasizing that agents will be used widely, including in the supply chain. He suggested that the blog post should lead with the "transparent and verifiable" principle, addressing how enterprises can discover and protect themselves from already deployed, unbounded agents.  
  * David P. suggested that after the blog post, and potentially as part of SIG 2, CoSAI consider defining a new publication or benchmark to track model susceptibility to "sleeper agents," which are fine-tuned agents that introduce vulnerabilities based on environmental variables. Akila said she is open to figuring out a way to track this, noting that internal teams are already working on model correctness and cyber qualities.  
  * David L. suggested to J.R. that the conversation regarding "sleeper agents and benchmarks" should be seeded into future discussions with Principal Investigators (PIs) from the Action Institute to explore potential collaboration opportunities. He also mentioned ML Commons, noting that the organization is structurally funded to build benchmarks and will soon launch a security benchmark.  
* **Agenda for SIG 1 Kick-off Workshop**  
  *  J.R. quickly reviewed the agenda for the upcoming three-hour hybrid workshop. The agenda includes deliverables, a presentation on Codeguard, and possible breakout sessions on adaptive enterprise controls and tools. 	  
  * David L. encouraged participants to submit comments now to prepare the discussion for the kick-off meeting.

### Action Items

* Claudia will find out if the OASIS repository for markdown to PDF conversion is public and send a link to David L. if possible.  
* David L. will put a version of the blog post draft into the TSC folder for TSC review.
